-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 GQIGChE4zeWR5w9EYqXU0vVKYufF8GU/vNJlOD0WMjkPCTAmIxWqyC1gVDuWn3KS
 x2cA+g04zBhR/Yj2vE1L3w==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000066756-02-000108.txt : 20021220
<SEC-HEADER>0000066756-02-000108.hdr.sgml : 20021220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20021220125005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000066756-02-000108
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20021220
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20021220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLETE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				410418150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03548
		FILM NUMBER:		02864353

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR ST
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802-2093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2182795000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR STREET
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802-2093

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINNESOTA POWER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980603

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLETE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000901
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>r8k122002.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SALE OF FLORIDA WATER TO FWSA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                              WASHINGTON, DC 20549






                                    FORM 8-K
                                 CURRENT REPORT






     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934






      DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED) - DECEMBER 20, 2002







                                  ALLETE, INC.


                             A Minnesota Corporation
                           Commission File No. 1-3548
                   IRS Employer Identification No. 41-0418150
                             30 West Superior Street
                          Duluth, Minnesota 55802-2093
                           Telephone - (218) 279-5000





<PAGE>

ITEM 5.  OTHER EVENTS AND REGULATION FD DISCLOSURE.

Reference is made to the 2001 Form 10-K of ALLETE,  Inc. (ALLETE or the Company)
for background  information on the following update. Unless otherwise indicated,
cited references are to ALLETE's 2001 Form 10-K.


Ref. Page 11. - Sixth Paragraph
Ref. Page 30. - Third Paragraph
Ref. Form 8-K dated and filed February 28, 2002 - Second Paragraph
Ref. Form 8-K dated and filed March 28, 2002
Ref. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2002 - Page 18. - Fifth Paragraph
Ref. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002 - Page 17. - Sixth Paragraph
     and Page 22. - Third Paragraph
Ref. Form 8-K dated and filed September 19, 2002
Ref. Form 8-K dated and filed September 20, 2002
Ref. Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2002 - Page 22. - Fourth
     Paragraph
Ref. Form 8-K dated December 9, 2002 and filed December 10, 2002

On December 20, 2002 ALLETE  announced that Florida Water  Services  Corporation
(Florida Water), a wholly owned subsidiary, has signed an amended asset purchase
agreement  adjusting  the sales price for the sale of  substantially  all of its
assets to the Florida Water Services Authority (FWSA), a governmental  authority
formed under the laws of the state of Florida. The sales price has been adjusted
to $456.5  million  primarily  because of higher  interest  rates on bonds to be
issued by the FWSA to finance the transaction.

Florida Water anticipates receiving approximately $420 million at closing and an
additional  $36.5 million  three years after closing once certain  contingencies
have been  satisfied.  In addition,  Florida  Water expects to receive up to $36
million of future customer  hookup fees to be paid over the next six years.  The
revised purchase price, combined with the additional payments,  brings the total
amount expected to be received in the transaction to $492.5 million.

Cash  proceeds to ALLETE after taxes and repayment of existing debt are expected
to be  approximately  $180 million  in 2003,  and $250  million  for the  entire
transaction.  The gain on the  transaction  is estimated  at $100 million  after
taxes and  related  costs.  While the  majority  of the cash will be received at
closing, most of the gain is expected to be recognized as income over a six-year
period beginning in 2004 as required by accounting  rules.  Terms of the revised
agreement  call for a closing by February  14,  2003,  subject to the FWSA being
able to issue bonds for the purchase price and other conditions.




ITEM 7.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND EXHIBITS.

Exhibit
Number
- -------

     2    -     Amendment and  Restatement  of  Asset  Purchase Agreement by and
                between  Florida  Water  Services Corporation and Florida  Water
                Services Authority dated as of December 20, 2002.



                    ALLETE Form 8-K dated December 20, 2002                    1
<PAGE>

                              SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT
           UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

In  connection  with  the  safe  harbor  provisions  of the  Private  Securities
Litigation  Reform Act of 1995,  ALLETE is hereby filing  cautionary  statements
identifying important factors that could cause ALLETE's actual results to differ
materially from those projected in  forward-looking  statements (as such term is
defined in the Private  Securities  Litigation Reform Act of 1995) made by or on
behalf of ALLETE in this Form 8-K, in presentations, in response to questions or
otherwise.   Any  statements  that  express,   or  involve  discussions  as  to,
expectations,  beliefs,  plans,  objectives,  assumptions  or  future  events or
performance (often, but not always,  through the use of words or phrases such as
"anticipates,"   "believes,"   "estimates,"   "expects,"   "intends,"   "plans,"
"projects,"  "will likely result," "will continue" or similar  expressions)  are
not statements of historical facts and may be forward-looking.

Forward-looking   statements   involve   estimates,   assumptions,   risks   and
uncertainties  and are  qualified  in their  entirety by  reference  to, and are
accompanied by, the following important factors, which are difficult to predict,
contain  uncertainties,  are beyond the  control of ALLETE and may cause  actual
results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking
statements:

    -   war and acts of terrorism;
    -   prevailing  governmental  policies  and  regulatory  actions,  including
        those of the United States  Congress,  state  legislatures,  the Federal
        Energy Regulatory Commission, the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission,
        the Florida Public  Service  Commission,  the North  Carolina  Utilities
        Commission,  the Public  Service  Commission  of  Wisconsin  and various
        county regulators,  about allowed rates of return, financings,  industry
        and rate  structure,  acquisition and disposal of assets and facilities,
        operation and  construction of plant  facilities,  recovery of purchased
        power and capital investments,  and present or prospective wholesale and
        retail competition  (including but not limited to transmission costs) as
        well as general  vehicle-related  laws,  including vehicle brokerage and
        auction laws;
    -   unanticipated impacts  of  restructuring  initiatives  in  the  electric
        industry;
    -   economic and geographic factors, including political and economic risks;
    -   changes  in  and  compliance  with  environmental and  safety  laws  and
        policies;
    -   weather conditions;
    -   market factors affecting supply and demand for used vehicles;
    -   wholesale power market conditions;
    -   population growth rates and demographic patterns;
    -   the  effects  of  competition,  including the competition for retail and
        wholesale customers, as well as suppliers and purchasers of vehicles;
    -   pricing and transportation of commodities;
    -   changes in tax rates or policies or in rates of inflation;
    -   unanticipated project delays or changes in project costs;
    -   unanticipated changes in operating expenses and capital expenditures;
    -   capital market conditions;
    -   competition for economic expansion or development opportunities;
    -   our ability to manage expansion and integrate recent acquisitions; and
    -   the outcome  of legal and  administrative  proceedings (whether civil or
        criminal) and settlements that affect the business and profitability of
        ALLETE.

Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement
is made,  and ALLETE  undertakes  no  obligation  to update any  forward-looking
statement  to  reflect  events or  circumstances  after  the date on which  that
statement is made or to reflect the  occurrence  of  unanticipated  events.  New
factors  emerge  from  time to time and it is not  possible  for  management  to
predict  all of those  factors,  nor can it assess  the  impact of each of those
factors  on the  businesses  of ALLETE or the  extent  to which any  factor,  or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in any forward-looking statement.

2                    ALLETE Form 8-K dated December 20, 2002

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES


Pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





                                                     ALLETE, Inc.





December 20, 2002                                  James K. Vizanko
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                                   James K. Vizanko
                                       Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
                                                    and Treasurer




                    ALLETE Form 8-K dated December 20, 2002                    3

<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

EXHIBIT
NUMBER
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


   2    -    Amendment and Restatement of Asset Purchase Agreement by and
             between Florida Water Services Corporation and Florida Water
             Services Authority dated as of December 20, 2002.




                    ALLETE Form 8-K dated December 20, 2002

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>r8k122002ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FLORIDA WATER 12/20/02 REVISED ASSET PURCHASE AGMT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>





                            AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT
                                       OF

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                 by and between

                       FLORIDA WATER SERVICES CORPORATION

                                       and

                        FLORIDA WATER SERVICES AUTHORITY

                          Dated as of December 20, 2002


<PAGE>


              AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This Amendment and Restatement of Asset Purchase  Agreement is dated as
of December 20, 2002, by and between Florida Water Services Authority,  a public
entity  of  the  State  of  Florida   ("Buyer"),   and  Florida  Water  Services
Corporation, a Florida corporation ("Seller").

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, Seller  and  Buyer  did  enter into  a  certain Asset Purchase
Agreement dated as of September 19, 2002 (the "Original  Agreement") and wish to
amend and restate it in its entirety  (other than the  Preambles  thereto)  (the
Original Agreement as amended and restated hereby, the "Agreement");

         WHEREAS, Seller owns potable  water production, supply,  treatment, and
distribution  systems,   alternative  water  systems,   wastewater   collection,
transmission,  treatment and disposal systems, and reclaimed water facilities in
various  incorporated  and  unincorporated  areas in Florida  (the  "System," as
hereinafter defined); and

         WHEREAS,  Buyer, pursuant  to  Chapter 163,  Florida  Statutes, and the
Interlocal  Agreement  dated as of  September  16,  2002,  creating  Buyer  (the
"Interlocal  Agreement") and other  applicable laws, has the power and authority
to acquire and provide potable water, wastewater, and reclaimed water facilities
and to provide service outside of the boundaries of its  participating  members;
and

         WHEREAS,  various  governmental  entities  have  threatened  to condemn
portions of System of the Seller,  including  portions of the water,  wastewater
and  reclaimed  water  utility   Facilities  of  the  Seller,  and  in  lieu  of
condemnation,  Buyer desires to acquire all or  substantially  all of the assets
which are used by Seller in providing services through the water, wastewater and
reclaimed  water  Facilities  throughout  the  State  of  Florida,  and to avoid
condemnation, Seller has consented to sell those assets to Buyer; and

         WHEREAS, Seller  desires to  sell, and  Buyer desires  to purchase, the
Assets (as herein defined) of Seller for the  consideration and on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;

         NOW THEREFORE, the  parties, intending  to  be legally bound, do hereby
amend and restate the  Original  Agreement so that it shall read in its entirety
as follows:

1.       Definitions and Usage

         1.1   Definitions

                                       1

<PAGE>
         For purposes of  this Asset Purchase  Agreement as amended and restated
(the "Agreement"),  the following terms and variations thereof have the meanings
specified or referred to in this Section 1.1:

         "Accounts Receivable"-- (a) all  customer accounts receivable and other
rights to payment from  customers of Seller and the full benefit of all security
for such  accounts  or  rights  to  payment;  (b) all  other  accounts  or notes
receivable  of Seller and the full benefit of all security for such  accounts or
notes; and (c) any claim, remedy or other right related to any of the foregoing.

         "Acquisition Bonds"-- means Bonds issued by the Buyer primarily for the
purpose of paying the Purchase Price or installments  thereof and anticipated to
be in an aggregate amount sufficient to produce Acquisition Bond Net Proceeds in
an amount equal to the Purchase Price.

         "Acquisition Bonds Net Proceeds' -- means  the amount received from the
sale of  Acquisition  Bonds  pursuant to  subsection  2.3(E),  less the costs of
issuing the Bonds,  less the amount  required to fund the debt service  reserve,
and less  $51,000,000  for the  purpose  of  funding  capital  and  renewal  and
replacement reserves (although it is not required to be so used).  Installment 1
of the Purchase  Price as set forth in subsection  2.3(A) will be  automatically
adjusted to equal the Acquisition Bonds Net Proceeds.

         "AFPI" means  allowance  for funds prudently  invested  as such term is
used by the Florida Public Service Commission.

         "Appurtenances"-- all privileges, rights,  easements, hereditaments and
appurtenances  belonging  to or for  the  benefit  of the  Land,  including  all
easements  appurtenant to and for the benefit of any Land (a "Dominant  Parcel")
for,  and as the primary  means of access  between,  the  Dominant  Parcel and a
public way, or for any other use upon which  lawful use of the  Dominant  Parcel
for the  purposes  for which it is presently  being used is  dependent,  and all
rights existing in and to any streets,  alleys, passages and other rights-of-way
included  thereon or adjacent  thereto  (before or after  vacation  thereof) and
vaults beneath any such streets.

         "Assets" or "Assets to Be Sold"-- as defined in Section 2.1.

         "Assignment  and   Assumption    Agreement"--  as  defined in   Section
2.7(a)(ii).

         "Assumed Liabilities"-- as defined in Section 2.4(a).

         "Beck Reserve" - means  the sum of $17,800,000  which the Buyer will be
funding as a capital  reserve in  accordance  with the Beck  Schedule to provide
funding  for  currently  unidentified  capital  projects  for the small  utility
systems as  identified in the R.W. Beck Report dated as of December 20, 2002, as
all systems not including the 14

                                       2
<PAGE>

largest  systems  as  identified  on Table 1 "14  Largest  Systems"  (the  Small
Systems") which capital projects may be identified by the Buyer from the date of
Closing until  September 30, 2007.  Buyer shall notify Seller in writing of each
Small System Project  identified by Buyer and estimated cost for each such Small
System Project. Disputes, if any, as to necessity, reasonableness and cost shall
be resolved in accordance  with Section 13.5. The Beck Reserve shall be invested
by Buyer and interest  earned on the Beck Reserve  shall be credited to the Beck
Reserve.

         "Beck Schedule" - means the  following maximum  amounts per fiscal year
for capital  improvement to the Small Systems as  contemplated  by the R.W. Beck
Report dated as of December 20, 2002: $3,162,000 for year ended 9/30/03 plus any
additional  money  actually  spent during that time period,  $3,527,000 for year
ended 9/30/04 plus any additional  money actually spent during that time period,
$3,555,000  for year ended  9/30/05 plus any  additional  money  actually  spent
during that time period,  $2,758,000  for year ended 9/30/06 plus any additional
money  actually  spent during that time period,  and  $4,797,000 for fiscal year
ended 9/30/07 plus any additional money actually spent during that time period.

         "Best  Efforts"-- the  efforts  that  a  prudent  Person   desirous  of
achieving a result would use in similar  circumstances to achieve that result as
expeditiously as possible, provided, however, that a Person required to use Best
Efforts under this Agreement  will not be thereby  required to take actions that
would result in a material adverse change in the benefits to such Person of this
Agreement and the Contemplated  Transactions or to dispose of or make any change
to its business, expend any material funds or incur any other material burden.

         "Bill of Sale"-- as defined in Section 2.7(a)(i).

         "Bonds" shall mean  revenue bonds, the interest on which (i) accrues at
fixed rates and (ii) is  excluded  from gross  income of the holder  thereof for
federal  income tax purposes,  to be issued by the Buyer and payable solely from
and secured  solely by the Net  Revenues of the System and, if  consented  to by
Buyer, other assets of the Buyer.

         "Breach"-- any breach  of, or any  inaccuracy in, any representation or
warranty or any breach of, or a failure to perform or comply with,  any covenant
or obligation, in or of this Agreement.

         "Business Day"-- any day other than: (a) Saturday or Sunday; or (b) any
other day on which banks in Florida are permitted or required to be closed.

         "Buyer"-- as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

         "Buyer Indemnified Persons"-- as defined in Section 11.2.

                                       3

<PAGE>

         "Capital Charges"- revenues, exclusive of Special  Assessments, derived
by the Buyer from impact fees,  guaranteed revenues,  service availability fees,
or other such fees or charges,  imposed upon landowners,  builders or developers
in connection  with the Buyer  improvement of property within the services areas
of the System, to defray the costs of capital facilities.

         "Capital Improvement Plan"---as defined in Section 2.3(c).

         "Capital   Improvement  Plan   Requirement" -- an  annual   amount   of
$25,000,000   for  the   purpose   of   providing   extraordinary   maintenance,
rehabilitation,  upgrades to equipment or facilities,  increased plant capacity,
and extensions  and  enlargements  to the System,  and excluding well and septic
tank conversions.

         "Closing"-- as defined in Section 2.6.

         "Closing Bonds" - as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Closing Date"-- the date on which the Closing actually takes place.

         "COBRA"-- as defined under Federal Employment Law.

         "Code"-- the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

         "Confidential Information"-- as defined in Section 12.1.

         "Contemplated Transactions"-- all  of the  transactions contemplated by
this Agreement.

         "Cost of Operation and Maintenance"-- all  current  expenses,  paid  or
accrued,  for the  operation,  maintenance  and repair of all  Facilities of the
System,  as  calculated  in  accordance  with  generally   accepted   accounting
principles  for units of local  government  and on a  consistent  basis with the
operation  and  maintenance  and repair of the  Facilities  of the System  under
Seller's  ownership,  and shall include,  without limiting the generality of the
foregoing,  insurance  premiums,  administrative  expenses of the Buyer  related
solely to the System,  labor,  cost of materials,  consumables and supplies used
for current  operation,  but excluding any reserve for renewals or replacements,
any  extraordinary  or  emergency   repairs,   any  replacements,   any  capital
expenditures,  any allowance for interest or depreciation or  amortization,  any
other  non-cash item,  any profit,  any franchise  fees, any payments in lieu of
taxes, and any voluntary payments to other governmental entities not required by
law.

         "Customer Deposits"--any amounts  deposited with or  held by the Seller
as customer deposits.

         "Damages"-- as defined in Section 11.2.

                                       4
<PAGE>

         "Debt Service" - as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Debt Service Base Amount" - as defined in Section 2.3(E)

         "Due Diligence Expenses"-- in  addition  to such sums already funded by
Seller,  a sum up to  $200,000 or such  greater  amount as the Seller may in the
future approve in writing,  to reimburse the costs incurred by the Buyer for its
due  diligence  expenses in making the  decision to acquire the System and issue
the Acquisition Bonds for the Purchase Price.

         "Effective Time"-- 12:01 am. on the Closing Date.

         "Employee Plans"-- as defined in Section 3.13.

         "Employment Agreement"-- as defined in Section 2.7(a)(vi).

         "Encumbrance"-- any  charge, claim, community or other marital property
interest,   condition,   equitable  interest,  lien,  option,  pledge,  security
interest,  mortgage, right of way, easement,  encroachment,  servitude, right of
first  option,  right of first  refusal or similar  restriction,  including  any
restriction  on use,  voting (in the case of any  security or equity  interest),
transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership.

         "Environment"-- soil, land surface or subsurface strata, surface waters
(including  navigable  waters and ocean waters),  ground waters,  drinking water
supply,  stream sediments,  ambient air (including indoor air), plant and animal
life and any other environmental medium or natural resource.

         "Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities"-- any cost, damages,
expense, liability, obligation or other responsibility arising from or under any
Environmental Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law, including those
consisting of or relating to:

               (a)    any environmental, health  or safety  matter or  condition
         (including on-site or off-site  contamination,  occupational safety and
         health and regulation of any chemical substance or product);

               (b)    any fine, penalty, judgment,  award, settlement, legal  or
         administrative  proceeding,  damages,  loss, claim, demand or response,
         remedial or inspection cost or expense arising under any  Environmental
         Law or Occupational Safety and Health Law;

               (c)    financial  responsibility  under any  Environmental Law or
         Occupational  Safety  and Health Law for  cleanup  costs or  corrective
         action,   including  any  cleanup,   removal,   containment   or  other
         remediation   or   response   actions   ("Cleanup")   required  by  any
         Environmental Law or Occupational Safety

                                       5
<PAGE>

         and  Health Law  (whether  or not such  Cleanup  has been  required  or
         requested  by any  Governmental  Body or any other  Person) and for any
         natural resource damages; or

               (d)    any  other  compliance,  corrective  or  remedial  measure
         required under any Environmental Law or Occupational  Safety and Health
         Law.

         The terms "removal," "remedial" and "response action" include the types
of activities covered by the United States Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA).

         "Environmental Law"-- any Legal Requirement that requires or relates
to:

               (a)    advising appropriate authorities, employees or  the public
         of intended or actual Releases of pollutants or hazardous substances or
         materials, violations of discharge limits or other prohibitions and the
         commencement   of   activities,   such  as   resource   extraction   or
         construction, that could have significant impact on the Environment;

               (b)    preventing or reducing to acceptable levels the Release of
         pollutants or hazardous substances or materials into the Environment;

               (c)    reducing   the  quantities,  preventing  the  Release   or
         minimizing the hazardous characteristics of wastes that are generated;

               (d)    assuring that products are designed, formulated,  packaged
         and used so that they do not present unreasonable risks to human health
         or the Environment when used or disposed of;

               (e)    protecting resources, species or ecological amenities;

               (f)    reducing to acceptable  levels the  risks inherent in  the
         transportation  of  hazardous  substances,  pollutants,  oil  or  other
         potentially harmful substances;

               (g)    cleaning up pollutants that have been Released, preventing
         the  Threat  of  Release  or  paying  the  costs  of such  clean  up or
         prevention; or

               (h)    making responsible parties pay  private parties, or groups
         of  them,  for  damages  done to their  health  or the  Environment  or
         permitting  self-appointed  representatives  of the public  interest to
         recover for injuries done to public assets.

         "ERISA"-- the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

         "Exchange Act"-- the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

         "Excluded Assets"-- as defined in Section 2.2.

                                       6

<PAGE>

         "Facilities"-- the  Land,  leasehold,  license, easement, right-of-way,
prescriptive  claim  or  other  interest  in real  property  currently  owned or
operated  by  Seller  or used by the  Seller  in the  operation  of the  System,
including  the  Tangible  Personal  Property  used or  operated by Seller at the
respective locations of the Land, and excluding the Excluded Assets.

         "Future Transfer Adjustment Process" - in  the  event that Buyer elects
to transfer any part or parts of the System from time to time after Closing,  to
the extent that such  transfer or  transfers  reduce the Buyer's  collection  of
Gross  Revenues  and the  Capital  Charges  collected  by the  Buyer  ("Transfer
Impact"), the provisions of this Agreement related to Seller's revenue guarantee
amount of Gross Revenues and the applicable  Maximum Annual Retainage  threshold
amount  which must be met before  payment of Capital  Charges to Seller shall be
adjusted by Buyer and Seller to reflect the Transfer Impact.  In the event Buyer
and Seller cannot agree on the Transfer Impact, disagreements shall be submitted
to the dispute resolution process in Section 13.5.

         "GAAP"-- generally  accepted  accounting  principles applicable to  the
Seller  for  financial  reporting  in the  United  States,  applied  on a  basis
consistent  with the basis on which the balance  sheets and the other  financial
statements referred to in Section 3.3 were prepared.

         "Governing  Documents"-- the articles  or certificate of  incorporation
and the bylaws of Sellers.

         "Governmental Authorization"-- any  consent,  license, registration  or
permit  issued,  granted,  given or  otherwise  made  available  by or under the
authority of any Governmental Body or pursuant to any Legal Requirement.

         "Governmental Body"-- any:

               (a)    federal, state, local, municipal, or other government;

               (b)    governmental  authority  of   any  nature  (including  any
         agency, branch, department, board, commission, court, tribunal or other
         entity exercising governmental powers ); or

               (c)    body  exercising  any administrative, executive, judicial,
         legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power.

         "Gross Revenues"  or  "Revenues" shall  mean  all  moneys, received  or
receivable by the Buyer, or accruing to it in the operation of the System,  from
rates,  fees,  rentals,  or other  charges for the services or Facilities of the
System,  excluding  state and federal grants and grants in aid of  construction,
unless otherwise  provided  herein,  all calculated in accordance with generally
accepted accounting practice applicable to a local government.  "Gross Revenues"
or "Revenues" shall also be deemed to include any

                                       7
<PAGE>

amounts  (exclusive of Capital Charges retained by Seller) received by the Buyer
as Capital  Charges for any facilities  acquired from the Seller,  but shall not
include Special  Assessments or Capital Charges for any facilities not purchased
from the Seller.

         "Guarantee" -- as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Hazardous   Activity" -- the   distribution,  generation,    handling,
importing,  management,   manufacturing,   processing,  production,  refinement,
Release,  storage,  transfer,  transportation,  treatment or use  (including any
withdrawal  or other use of  groundwater)  of Hazardous  Material in, on, under,
about or from any of the Facilities or any part thereof into the Environment and
any other act,  business,  operation or thing that increases the danger, or risk
of danger,  or poses an unreasonable  risk of harm, to persons or property on or
off the Facilities.

         "Hazardous Material"-- any  substance, material  or waste which  is  or
will foreseeably be regulated by any Governmental Body,  including any material,
substance  or  waste  which  is  defined  as  a  "hazardous  waste,"  "hazardous
material,"  "hazardous  substance,"  "extremely  hazardous  waste,"  "restricted
hazardous  waste,"  "contaminant,"  "toxic waste" or "toxic substance" under any
provision of Environmental  Law, and including  petroleum,  petroleum  products,
asbestos, presumed asbestos-containing material or asbestos-containing material,
urea formaldehyde and polychlorinated biphenyls.

         "Improvements"-- all  buildings, structures, fixtures  and improvements
located  on  the  Land  or  included  in  the  Assets,   including  those  under
construction.

         "Indemnified Person"-- as defined in Section 11.9.

         "Indemnifying Person"-- as defined in Section 11.9.

         "Insurance Policy" - as defined in Section 2.3(F).

         "Intellectual Property Assets"-- as defined in Section 3.14.

         "Interest Rate Adjustment" - as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Inventories"-- all inventories of Seller, wherever  located, including
without limitation,  all pumps,  pipes,  valves,  plumbing fixtures,  chemicals,
stored  water,  spare parts and all other  materials  and supplies to be used by
Seller in the operation of its business.

         "IRS"-- the United  States Internal Revenue Service  and, to the extent
relevant, the United States Department of the Treasury.

                                       8
<PAGE>

         "Land"-- all  parcels  and tracts of  land in  which  Seller  has a fee
ownership  interest,  except  for the  parcels  and  tracts of land set forth in
Exhibit 2.2.

         "Lease"-- any  Real  Property Lease  or any  lease or rental agreement,
license,  right to use or installment  and  conditional  sale agreement to which
Seller is a party and any other Seller Contract pertaining to the leasing or use
of any Tangible Personal Property.

         "Legal Requirement"-- any  federal, state, local,  municipal, or  other
constitution,  law,  ordinance,  principle of common law, code,  regulation,  or
statute.

         "Liability"-- with respect  to any  Person, any liability or obligation
of such Person of any kind, character or description,  whether known or unknown,
absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, disputed or undisputed, liquidated
or unliquidated,  secured or unsecured,  joint or several, due or to become due,
vested or  unvested,  executory,  determined,  determinable  or  otherwise,  and
whether or not the same is required to be accrued on the financial statements of
such Person.

         "Material Consents"-- as defined in Section 7.3.

         "Maximum Annual Retainage" -- means, for each period in which Seller is
entitled to receipt of any portion of the  Capital  Charges  pursuant to Section
2.2(b) hereof, the sums set forth as follows, as adjusted pursuant to the Future
Transfer Adjustment Process, and subject to the set-offs permitted under Section
2.2(b)  hereof in each fiscal  year in the maximum  amount set forth in the Beck
Schedule for such fiscal year:

PERIOD                APPLICABLE
                      MAXIMUM ANNUAL RETAINAGE
                      -------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERIOD 1:             ALL CAPITAL CHARGES COLLECTED BY BUYER IN EXCESS OF
DATE OF CLOSING       $11,250,000, NOT TO EXCEED $5,000,000, AND NOT TO EXCEED
THROUGH 9/30/03       MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE RETAINAGE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERIOD 2:             ALL CAPITAL CHARGES COLLECTED BY BUYER IN EXCESS OF
10/01/03 THROUGH      $10,000,000, NOT TO EXCEED $5,000,000 AND NOT TO EXCEED
9/30/04               MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE RETAINAGE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERIOD 3:             ALL CAPITAL CHARGES COLLECTED BY BUYER IN EXCESS OF
10/01/04 THROUGH      $10,000,000, NOT TO EXCEED $5,000,000 AND NOT TO EXCEED
9/30/05               MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE RETAINAGE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PERIOD 4:             ALL CAPITAL CHARGES COLLECTED BY BUYER IN EXCESS OF
EACH FISCAL YEAR OF   $8,500,000 PER FISCAL YEAR, NOT TO EXCEED $8,500,000 AND
BUYER STARTING        NOT TO EXCEED MAXIMUM CUMULATIVE RETAINAGE
10/01/05,  UNTIL
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       9
<PAGE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SELLER HAS RECEIVED
THE MAXIMUM
CUMULATIVE
RETAINAGE
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


         "Maximum Cumulative Retainage"-- the aggregate  sum of $36  Million, as
adjusted by Section 2.2(b), below.

         "Monthly Fees" -- as defined in Section 2.3(D).

         "Net Revenues" shall mean Gross Revenues less the Cost of Operation and
Maintenance.

         "Occupational Safety and Health Law"-- any  Legal  Requirement designed
to provide safe and  healthful  working  conditions  and to reduce  occupational
safety and health hazards under the Occupational Safety and Health Act.

         "One Year Call Bonds" -- as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Order"-- any  order, injunction, judgment,  decree, ruling, assessment
or arbitration award of any Governmental Body or arbitrator.

         "Ordinary Course of Business"-- an  action  taken  by a Person will  be
deemed to have been taken in the Ordinary Course of Business only if that action
is consistent in nature,  scope and  magnitude  with the past  practices of such
Person and is taken in the ordinary course of the normal,  day-to-day operations
of such Person.

         "Permitted Encumbrances"-- as defined in Section 3.7.

         "Person"-- an  individual,  partnership, corporation,  business  trust,
limited liability company,  limited liability partnership,  joint stock company,
trust,  unincorporated   association,   joint  venture  or  other  entity  or  a
Governmental Body.

         "Proceeding"-- any  action, arbitration, audit, hearing, investigation,
litigation  or  suit  (whether  civil,  criminal,  administrative,  judicial  or
investigative, whether formal or informal, whether public or private) commenced,
brought,   conducted  or  heard  by  or  before,  or  otherwise  involving,  any
Governmental Body or arbitrator.

         "Purchase Price"-- as defined in Section 2.3.

         "Real Property"-- the Land and Improvements.

         "Real Property Lease"-- any ground lease or space lease.

                                       10
<PAGE>

         "Record"-- information that is  inscribed on a tangible  medium or that
is stored in an electronic  or other medium and is  retrievable  in  perceivable
form.

         "Related Person"-- (a) any Person that directly or indirectly controls,
is directly or  indirectly  controlled  by or is  directly or  indirectly  under
common control with such specified Person;

               (b)    any  Person   that  holds  a  Material  Interest  in  such
         specified Person;

               (c)    each Person that serves  as a  director, officer, partner,
         executor  or  trustee  of  such  specified  Person  (or  in  a  similar
         capacity);

               (d)    any Person in which such specified Person holds a Material
         Interest; and

               (e)    any  Person  with respect to which such  specified  Person
         serves as a general partner or a trustee (or in a similar capacity).

         For   purposes   of   this   definition,   (a)   "control"   (including
"controlling,"  "controlled  by," and "under  common  control  with")  means the
possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities,  by contract or  otherwise,  and shall be  construed as such term is
used in the rules  promulgated  under the Securities Act; (b) the "Family" of an
individual includes (i) the individual,  (ii) the individual's spouse, (iii) any
other natural person who is related to the individual or the individual's spouse
within the second degree and (iv) any other natural person who resides with such
individual;  and (c)  "Material  Interest"  means direct or indirect  beneficial
ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of voting securities
or other  voting  interests  representing  at  least  ten  percent  (10%) of the
outstanding  voting  power of a Person  or  equity  securities  or other  equity
interests  representing  at least ten percent  (10%) of the  outstanding  equity
securities or equity interests in a Person.

         "Release"-- any release,  spill,  emission, leaking,  pumping, pouring,
dumping, emptying, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge,  dispersal, leaching
or migration on or into the Environment or into or out of any property.

         "Remedial Action"-- all  actions, including  any capital  expenditures,
required:  (a) to clean  up,  remove,  treat or in any  other  way  address  any
Hazardous  Material or other substance;  (b) to prevent the Release or Threat of
Release or to minimize the further  Release of any  Hazardous  Material or other
substance  so it does not migrate or  endanger  or  threaten to endanger  public
health or welfare or the Environment;  (c) to perform  pre-remedial  studies and
investigations  or  post-remedial  monitoring  and  care;  or (d) to  bring  all
Facilities  and  the  operations   conducted   thereon  into   compliance   with
Environmental Laws and environmental Governmental Authorizations.

                                       11
<PAGE>

         "Remedial Capital Projects"-- capital projects needed to serve existing
customers as of the date of Closing that are  necessary (i) to repair or replace
Facilities  that are  defective,  inoperative,  or  failing,  (ii) to improve or
repair the Facilities to the extent that the Facilities are not performing their
intended functions in a commercially  reasonable and efficient manner,  (iii) to
replace  or  improve  the  Facilities  in order to cure  any  violations  of any
Governmental  Authorizations;  and (iv) to perform extraordinary  maintenance or
deferred maintenance that is necessary to enable the Facilities to perform their
intended  functions.  Remedial  Capital Projects shall not include any expansion
related capital improvements,  normal maintenance, renewal and replacement items
normally  incurred  in the  Ordinary  Course of  Business,  or any Beck  Reserve
project.  Buyer  shall  have  twelve  (12)  months  from the date of  Closing to
investigate and determine the extent of Remedial Capital Projects existing as of
the date of  Closing,  if any,  which  determination  shall be  consistent  with
prevailing  utility  industry  maintenance  practices.  On or  before  the first
anniversary of execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall notify Seller in writing
of the specific  projects and estimated cost for each Remedial  Capital Project.
Disputes, if any shall be resolved in accordance with Section 13.5.

         "Remedial Capital Projects Amount"-- an amount sufficient to enable the
Buyer to fund all  required  Remedial  Capital  Projects  for the  System  as it
existed as of the date of the  Closing,  which  amount shall be in excess of the
aggregate  amount of $29 Million funded for capital  improvements as part of the
Acquisition  Bonds plus the Capital  Improvement Plan Requirement for five years
and the Renewal and Replacement Requirement for five years.

         "Renewal and  Replacement Requirement" -- an  annual  amount  equal  to
$5,000,000 to be used for the purpose of paying the cost of renewals,  upgrades,
enhancements,   or  the   replacement  of  capital  assets  of  the  System  and
extraordinary and emergency repairs thereto.

         "Representative"-- with  respect  to a particular Person, any director,
officer, manager, employee, agent, consultant,  advisor,  accountant,  financial
advisor, legal counsel or other representative of that Person.

         "Retained Liabilities"-- as defined in Section 2.4(b).

         "Seller"-- as defined in the first paragraph of this Agreement.

         "Seller Contract"-- any contract,  promise,  or  undertaking: (a) under
which Seller has or may acquire any rights or  benefits;  (b) under which Seller
has or may become subject to any obligation or liability; or (c) by which Seller
or any of the  assets  owned or used by  Seller  is or may  become  bound or are
encumbered.

         "Small Systems" - is defined in the Beck Reserve definition above.

                                       12
<PAGE>

         "Special Assessments" -- shall  mean revenues derived by the Buyer from
special   assessments   imposed  upon  benefited  property  in  connection  with
post-Closing   acquisition   or   construction   of  additions,   extensions  or
improvements to the System.

         "Subsidiary"-- with   respect  to   any  Person   (the  "Owner"),   any
corporation or other Person of which  securities or other  interests  having the
power to elect a  majority  of that  corporation's  or other  Person's  board of
directors or similar governing body, or otherwise having the power to direct the
business and policies of that corporation or other Person (other than securities
or other  interests  having such power only upon the  happening of a contingency
that  has  not  occurred),  are  held  by  the  Owner  or  one  or  more  of its
Subsidiaries.

         "System" -- shall  mean the  complete combined  and consolidated water,
sewer and reclaimed  water utility  systems of the Seller  together with any and
all assets, improvements, extensions and additions thereto hereafter constructed
or acquired, but not including the Excluded Assets.

         "Tangible  Personal  Property"-- all   machinery,   equipment,   tools,
furniture, office equipment,  computer hardware, supplies,  materials,  vehicles
and other items of tangible  personal property (other than Inventories) of every
kind owned or leased by Seller  (wherever  located and whether or not carried on
Seller's  books),   together  with  any  express  or  implied  warranty  by  the
manufacturers  or sellers or lessors of any item or  component  part thereof and
all maintenance records and other documents relating thereto.

         "Tax" -- any  income,  gross  receipts,  license,  payroll, employment,
excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, environmental, windfall
profit, customs, vehicle, airplane, boat, vessel or other title or registration,
capital stock,  franchise,  employees' income  withholding,  foreign or domestic
withholding, social security, unemployment,  disability, real property, personal
property,  sales, use, transfer,  value added,  alternative,  add-on minimum and
other tax, fee, assessment,  levy, tariff, charge or duty of any kind whatsoever
and any  interest,  penalty,  addition or  additional  amount  thereon  imposed,
assessed or collected  by or under the  authority  of any  Governmental  Body or
payable under any tax-sharing agreement or any other contract.

         "Tax Return"-- any  return  (including any information return), report,
statement,  schedule,  notice,  form,  declaration,  claim  for  refund or other
document or information filed with or submitted to, or required to be filed with
or submitted to, any  Governmental  Body in connection  with the  determination,
assessment,  collection  or  payment  of  any  Tax  or in  connection  with  the
administration,  implementation  or enforcement of or compliance  with any Legal
Requirement relating to any Tax.

         "Ten Year Call Bonds" -- as defined in Section 2.3(E).

         "Third Party"-- a Person that is not a party to this Agreement.

                                       13
<PAGE>

         "Third-Party Claim"-- any  claim against  any  Indemnified Person by  a
Third Party, whether or not involving a Proceeding.

         "Threat of Release"-- a  reasonable  likelihood of a  Release that  may
require action in order to prevent or mitigate  damage to the  Environment  that
may result from such Release.

         "Unbilled  Customer  Revenue" -- revenue  for  services   provided   to
customers  prior to the  Effective  Time that have not yet been billed as of the
date of Closing,  calculated on a basis consistent with Seller's current billing
practices.

         1.2   Usage

               (a)    Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless a clear contrary
intention appears:

                      (i)    the  singular number includes the plural number and
               vice versa;

                      (ii)   reference  to  any  Person  includes such  Person's
               successors  and  assigns  but,  if   applicable,   only  if  such
               successors and assigns are not prohibited by this Agreement,  and
               reference  to a Person in a  particular  capacity  excludes  such
               Person in any other capacity or individually;

                      (iii)  reference to any gender includes each other gender;

                      (iv)   reference to  any agreement, document or instrument
               means  such  agreement,  document  or  instrument  as  amended or
               modified and in effect from time to time in  accordance  with the
               terms thereof;

                      (v)    "hereunder,"  "hereof,"  "hereto,"  and  words   of
               similar import shall be deemed  references to this Agreement as a
               whole  and  not to  any  particular  Article,  Section  or  other
               provision hereof;

                      (vi)   "including"   (and    with   correlative    meaning
               "include") means including without limiting the generality of any
               description preceding such term;

                      (vii)  with respect to the determination of any period of
               time,  "from" means "from and  including"  and "to" means "to but
               excluding"; and

                      (viii) references to documents, instruments  or agreements
               shall  be  deemed  to  refer  as well to all  addenda,  exhibits,
               schedules or amendments thereto

                                       14
<PAGE>
                      (ix)   the  phrase  "the  date  hereof", the "date of this
               Agreement" or similar phrases means December 21, 2002.

               (b)    Accounting  Terms  and  Determinations.  Unless  otherwise
specified herein,  all accounting terms used herein shall be interpreted and all
accounting  determinations  hereunder  shall be made in accordance with GAAP, as
the same  applies to the  Seller,  and in  accordance  with  generally  accepted
accounting  principles  applicable  to units of  local  government,  as the same
applies to the Buyer.

               (c)    Legal  Representation of the Parties. This  Agreement  was
negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation, and any rule
of  construction  or  interpretation  otherwise  requiring  this Agreement to be
construed or interpreted  against any party shall not apply to any  construction
or interpretation hereof.

2.       Sale and Transfer of Assets; Closing

         2.1   Assets To Be Sold

         Upon  the  terms  and  subject  to  the conditions  set forth  in  this
Agreement,  at the Closing, but effective as of the Effective Time, Seller shall
sell,  convey,  assign,  transfer and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase
and  acquire  from  Seller,  free and clear of any  Encumbrances  (except  as to
Appurtenances to the extent provided for elsewhere  herein) other than Permitted
Encumbrances,  all  of  Seller's  right,  title  and  interest  in and to all of
Seller's property and assets, real, personal or mixed,  tangible and intangible,
of every kind and description,  wherever  located,  including the following (but
excluding the Excluded Assets):

               (a)    all Real Property and all Appurtenances;

               (b)    all Tangible Personal Property;

               (c)    all Inventories;

               (d)    all Accounts Receivable and Unbilled Customer Revenue;

               (e)    all  Seller  Contracts  (other  than   those  constituting
Excluded  Assets)  and all  outstanding  offers or  solicitations  made by or to
Seller to enter into any Seller Contract;

               (f)    all   Governmental   Authorizations   and   all    pending
applications   therefor  or  renewals  thereof,  in  each  case  to  the  extent
transferable to Buyer;

               (g)    all data and Records related to the operations  of Seller,
including client and customer lists and Records, all personnel records (provided
that Seller shall have reasonable access thereto) referral sources, research and
development  reports and

                                       15
<PAGE>

Records, production reports and Records, service and warranty Records, equipment
logs, operating guides and manuals,  financial and accounting Records,  creative
materials,  advertising  materials,  promotional  materials,  studies,  reports,
correspondence  and  other  similar  documents  and  Records,  subject  to Legal
Requirements;

               (h)    all  of  the  intangible  rights  and  property of Seller,
including   Intellectual   Property  assets,  the  trade  name,  "Florida  Water
Services",  going  concern  value,  goodwill,  telephone,  telecopy  and  e-mail
addresses and listings;

               (i)    all claims of Seller against third parties relating to the
Assets,   whether   choate  or  inchoate,   known  or  unknown,   contingent  or
non-contingent; and

               (j)    all  rights  of Seller relating  to  deposits and  prepaid
expenses,  claims for refunds  and rights to offset in respect  thereof and that
are not excluded  under Section 2.2, and not including  Seller letters of credit
for which the Seller is an applicant.

         All of the property and assets to be transferred to Buyer hereunder are
herein referred to collectively as the "Assets" or "Assets to be Sold".

         2.2   Excluded Assets

         Notwithstanding  anything to  the contrary contained in Section  2.1 or
elsewhere in this Agreement,  the following assets of Seller (collectively,  the
"Excluded Assets") are not part of the sale and purchase contemplated hereunder,
are  excluded  from the Assets and shall remain the property of Seller after the
Closing:

               (a)    all cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments; all
payments  (other than  Customer  Deposits)  received by Seller  prior to Closing
(other than as set forth in Section 2.1(k) above);

               (b)    Capital Charges received after the Closing  by Buyer which
shall be remitted to Seller in each  one-year  period  following the date of the
Closing,  provided that (i) the total amount of Capital Charges  retained by and
belonging  to Seller for any one such year shall not exceed the  Maximum  Annual
Retainage (and at such time as the total amount of Capital  Charges  remitted to
Seller for any such one year period  equals the Maximum  Annual  Retainage,  all
further Capital Charges received by the System in such year shall be retained by
and belong to the Buyer),  and (ii) the aggregate  amount retained by the Seller
as Excluded  Assets  pursuant  to this  subsection  2.2(b)  shall be the Maximum
Cumulative  Retainage and at such time as the total cumulative amount of Capital
Charges  remitted  to Seller  under  this  Section  2.2(b)  equals  the  Maximum
Cumulative Retainage, no further Capital Charges shall be remitted to the Seller
but all such Capital  Charges  received by the System  thereafter be retained by
and shall belong to the Buyer. The foregoing  Capital Charges retained by Seller
are to compensate  Seller for the excess  capacity  existing in the System as of
the Effective Date. The amount to be remitted to

                                       16

<PAGE>

Seller  hereunder  by Buyer shall be paid to Seller once a year,  commencing  13
months after the Effective  Date, for all amount  collected  during the 12 month
period then ended.  Seller  authorizes  Buyer to collect the Capital  Charges on
behalf  of  Seller.  Seller  agrees  that as to all  amounts  which the Buyer is
required  to remit to the  Seller  under  this  Section  2.2(b),  the  Buyer may
withhold  therefrom  such  amount  as the Buyer  would  have the right to setoff
against  indebtedness  owed to Buyer by Seller,  it being the intention that for
the purposes  solely of this sentence that the Capital Charges to be remitted to
the  Seller  by  Buyer  under  this  Section  2.2(b)  be  treated  as if it were
indebtedness owing the Seller by the Buyer. Seller further agrees that Buyer may
setoff against  amounts which the Buyer is required to remit to the Seller under
this  section,  such  portions of the Beck  Reserve  that Buyer has  expended or
encumbered for identified  projects prior to September 30, 2007. Buyer's set off
right is subject to the provisions of Section 11.8. Buyer agrees that any of the
Beck Reserve monies not expended or encumbered for identified  projects prior to
September 30, 2007, shall be applied by Buyer to pay any Capital Charges not yet
received by Seller up to the Maximum Cumulative  Retainage  (notwithstanding the
schedule  of  payments  as  set  forth  in  the  definition  of  Maximum  Annual
Retainage),  and any  outstanding  balance  due to  Seller  for  Purchase  Price
Installment 2.

         The Capital Charges remitted to and  retained by Seller  shall  include
the portion thereof representing AFPI, to the extent of the following:

                           PERIOD                        PERCENTAGE OF AFPI
                           ------                        ------------------
               for Capital Charges received until                100%
               9/30/03

               for Capital Charges received until                 80%
               9/30/04

               for Capital Charges received until                 60%
               9/30/05

               for Capital Charges received until                 40%
               9/30/06

               for Capital Charges received until                 20%
               9/30/07

               and thereafter                                      0%

               (c)    all minute books, stock Records and corporate seals;

               (d)    any shares of capital stock of Seller held in treasury;

               (e)    Seller's  letters  of  credit  outstanding  at the date of
Closing.;

                                       17
<PAGE>

               (f)    all  insurance  policies  and rights thereunder (except to
the extent specified in Section 2.1(i) and (j));

               (g)    all of the contracts listed in Exhibit 2.2;

               (h)    Records  that  Seller is required by law to  retain in its
possession;

               (i)    all  claims  for  refund  of  Taxes and other governmental
charges of whatever nature;

               (j)    all rights in connection with  and assets of  any Employee
Plans; and

               (k)    all  rights of Seller under  this Agreement,  the  Bill of
Sale, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement; and

               (l)    the property and assets expressly designated in Exhibit
2.2.

         2.3   Consideration

         (A)   INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS. The  consideration for  the Assets  will be
four hundred fifty-six  million five hundred thousand  ($456,500,000 , as may be
adjusted as provided below in subsection 2.3(B) (the "Purchase Price")"), and as
further may be adjusted as provided in the definition of "Acquisition  Bonds Net
Proceeds". Subject to the provisions of subsection 2.3(E), subsection 2.3(F) and
the definition of  "Acquisition  Bonds Net Proceeds,  the Purchase Price will be
payable  in  Installments  delivered  by wire  transfer  from Buyer to Seller as
follows:

               DATE PAYABLE                        INSTALLMENT        AMOUNT DUE

   At the Closing                                  Installment 1    $420,000,000
   On the third anniversary date of the closing    Installment 2     $36,500,000


         (B)   PURCHASE PRICE ADJUSTMENTS.    Installment  2  of  the  Purchase
Price may be reduced under the following circumstances:

               (i)    the amount necessary to fund any indemnity amounts owed by
Seller under Article 11 hereunder, and

               (ii) for all Remedial Capital Projects Amounts.

         Seller  has  provided  Buyer  with  its'  current  five  year   capital
improvement   program   (the   "Capital    Improvement   Plan")   which   totals
$176,667,000 Buyer shall identify the projects and estimated costs that comprise
the Remedial  Capital  Projects  Amount which are not included on Seller's  five
year capital improvement program. If Seller does not

                                       18

<PAGE>

concur  that a project is a  Remedial  Capital  Project  or part of the  Capital
Improvement  Plan  Requirement  during the initial  five year post  Closing time
period the matter shall be submitted to the dispute resolution process set forth
in 13.5.

         (C)   DISPUTE RESOLUTION. Prior to implementing any reduction or offset
or withholding any moneys from the Capital  Charges  otherwise to be remitted to
Seller  hereunder,  the  Buyer  shall  provide  written  notice to Seller of any
proposed  reduction  or offset.  Seller  shall have  twenty (20) days to provide
Buyer  written  notice of  objection  to any such  reductions  or offset (and if
Seller fails to so object,  it will be deemed to have agreed with such reduction
or offset). Buyer and Seller shall have sixty (60) days following written notice
of objection from Seller to amicably resolve Seller's objections.  To the extent
any objections  cannot be reconciled,  either party may submit such objection to
the Dispute  Resolution  Process.  Buyer may at any time  deposit any  reduction
amount  with an escrow  agent  pending  a final  resolution  under  the  Dispute
Resolution Process,  pursuant to an escrow agreement reasonably  satisfactory to
the  parties  and to the extent  Buyer has done so Buyer  shall not be deemed in
default hereunder.

         (D)   GUARANTEE.  Seller  shall  provide  at  the  Closing a  guarantee
("Guarantee")  in a form reasonably  acceptable to the Buyer and the Seller that
will provide that Buyer will receive Gross Revenues  constituting  monthly water
and sewer charges  ("Monthly Fees") for the first twelve months after Closing of
$95,318,000;  for the second  twelve  months of  $97,701,000;  and for the third
twelve months of  $100,143,000.  If the Buyer lowers any Monthly Fees during the
forgoing time periods,  the amount  guaranteed will be reduced by the amount the
Monthly Fees would have been if such  reduction had not occurred.  The Guarantee
Monthly Fees shall be adjusted in accordance with the Future Transfer Adjustment
Process.

         (E)   BOND ISSUANCE. The Buyer  agrees to use all reasonable commercial
efforts to issue on or before the  Closing,  the maximum  amount of  Acquisition
Bonds  that can be  issued  at the  Closing  ("Closing  Bonds")  which  have the
following characteristics: (1) serial and term maturities between 2003 and 2032;
(2) one year call on $75,000,000  of the issue ("One Year Call Bonds");  (3) ten
year call on the balance of the issue ("Ten Year Call  Bonds");  (4)  investment
grade,  and (5) level  debt  service  of  $36,461,000  per year (the  "Base Debt
Service  Amount")  plus the Interest  Rate  Adjustment  (the  combined Base Debt
Service and the Interest Rate Adjustment referred to as "Debt Service").  Seller
shall assume responsibility for structuring the Acquisition Bonds to achieve the
purpose of meeting the criteria in the sentence above. Seller shall pay to Buyer
at Closing the sum that  represents  the first year  difference in interest rate
based upon the  issuance of the One Year Call Bonds  versus the  issuance of the
Ten Year Call Bonds (the  "Interest Rate  Adjustment").  In the event the Buyer,
after consultation with the Buyer's financial advisor(s),  underwriter(s), legal
advisors,  and with Seller,  in good faith,  determines  that such Closing Bonds
cannot  be sold on a date  that  permits  the  Closing  to  occur on or prior to
February 14, 2003, then the Buyer shall immediately  notify Seller in writing of
such

                                       19

<PAGE>

determination,  with such notice  setting forth in  reasonable  detail the bases
upon which such  determination  was made,  and the  requirements,  if reasonably
ascertainable to Buyer, for ultimate issuance of the Closing Bonds. Upon receipt
of such notice Seller shall have the option of (1)  postponing the Closing until
such time as Closing  Bonds can  reasonably  be issued in  accordance  with this
Agreement;  or (2) canceling this  Agreement,  and, if cancelled,  thereupon the
Buyer and Seller shall have no  liabilities  and no further  obligations to each
other  under  this  Agreement,  except  that  Seller  shall pay to Buyer the Due
Diligence Expenses.

         (F)   CONDITION PRECEDENT TO PAYMENT OF  PURCHASE PRICE  INSTALLMENT 2.
The following shall be a condition precedent to Buyer's obligation to pay Seller
Purchase Price Installment 2: release of the Bond Debt Service Reserve (with any
partial  releases of the Bond Debt  Service  Reserve to be applied to payment of
Purchase Price  Installment 2) or  substitution of the Bond Debt Service Reserve
with a bond insurance product, including, but not limited to, letters of credit,
bank guarantees,  and surety  policies,  that will allow the release of the Bond
Debt Service Reserve, provided that such product substitution does not result in
a  reduction  to the ratings of the  Closing  Bonds  below the ratings  level at
Closing (the "Insurance Policy").  Seller has the option, without expiration, to
(1) provide the  Insurance  Policy to the Buyer  and/or (2) require the Buyer to
issue refunding bonds, provided the combined debt service on the Refunding Bonds
and any  un-refunded  portion of the  Acquisition  Bonds remains at or below the
level of the Debt Service for each subsequent year. Seller retains the right and
responsibility  of structuring the refunding  transaction.  Buyer will cooperate
with Seller in exercising and implementing its option as set forth above.

         2.4   Liabilities

               (a)    Assumed Liabilities. On the Closing Date, but effective as
of the  Effective  Time,  the Buyer shall assume and agree to discharge only the
following Liabilities of Seller (the "Assumed Liabilities"):

               (i)    any account payable (other than an  account payable to any
         Related  Person of Seller)  arising  with  respect to the System,  that
         remains  unpaid at and is not  delinquent as of the Effective  Time but
         only to extent it is  included  to  determine  the Final True Up as set
         forth in Section 2.7(c);

               (ii)   any account payable  arising with respect  to  the System,
         (other  than a  account  payable  to any  Related  Person  of  Seller )
         incurred by Seller in the Ordinary Course of Business between September
         19,  2002 and the  Effective  Time  that  remains  unpaid at and is not
         delinquent as of the  Effective  Time but only to extent it is included
         to determine the Final True Up as set forth in Section 2.7(c);

               (iii)  any Liability to Seller's customers (other than an account
         payable)  incurred  by  Seller  in  the  Ordinary  Course  of  Business
         outstanding  as of the

                                       20

<PAGE>

         Effective Time,  including,  but not limited to Customer  Deposits (but
         only to the  extent  that an amount of cash  equal  thereto  is sold to
         Buyer hereunder and transferred  (whether by transference in cash or by
         credit against the Purchase  Price) to the Buyer at the Closing) (other
         than any Liability arising out of or relating to a breach that occurred
         prior to the Effective Time);

               (iv)   any Liability  arising after the  Effective Time under the
         Seller Contracts (other than any Liability  arising under the contracts
         described on Exhibit 2.2 or arising out of or relating to a breach that
         occurred prior to the Effective  Time); any Liability of Seller arising
         after the  Effective  Time under any Seller  Contract  included  in the
         Assets  that is  entered  into by Seller  after the date  hereof in the
         Ordinary  Course of Business or in  accordance  with the  provisions of
         this Agreement (other than any Liability  arising out of or relating to
         a breach that occurred prior to the Effective Time), and

               (v)    any Liability of Buyer under  this  Agreement or any other
         document executed in connection with the Contemplated Transactions,

               (vi)   any  Liability  of   Buyer  based  upon  Buyer's  acts  or
         omissions  occurring after the Effective Time provided,  however,  that
         such Liability does not arise as a result of Seller's Breach  hereunder
         or is a Liability  for which the Seller has an  obligation to indemnify
         the Buyer in accordance herewith,

               (vii)  any Liability arising after Closing  from operation of the
         System after the Closing,  provided,  however, that such Liability does
         not result as a result of Seller's  Breach  hereunder or is a Liability
         for  which the  Seller  has an  obligation  to  indemnify  the Buyer in
         accordance herewith.

         Notwithstanding  the  foregoing, even if included in the foregoing, the
following shall not constitute Liabilities assumed by the Buyer and, therefor,
not be included in the term "Assumed Liabilities": (i) a Liability set forth on
Exhibit .2.2 hereof, (ii) any Liability arising out of or relating to any
employee grievance whether or not the affected employees are hired by Buyer
based on actual or alleged acts or omissions of the Seller prior to the
Effective Time, (iii) any Liability of Seller arising out of or resulting from
any Proceeding pending as of the Effective Time, (iv) any Liability of Seller
arising out of any Proceeding commenced after the Effective Time and arising our
of or relating to any occurrence or event happening prior to the Effective Time
to the extent that the such Proceeding relates to Seller's actions or inactions
prior thereto, (v) any Liability for Seller's performance of its obligations
hereunder, and (vi) any Liability of Seller based upon Seller's acts or
omissions occurring after the Effective Time)

         (b)   Retained Liabilities. The  Retained Liabilities  shall remain the
sole  responsibility  of and shall be retained,  paid,  performed and discharged
solely by Seller.  "Retained  Liabilities" shall mean all Liabilities other than
Assumed Liabilities.

                                       21
<PAGE>

         2.5   Allocation

         Seller shall prepare and deliver IRS Form  8594 to  Buyer within forty-
five  (45)  days  after  the  Closing  Date to be filed  with  the  IRS.  In any
Proceeding  related to the  determination  of any Tax,  neither Buyer nor Seller
shall contend or represent that such allocation is not a correct allocation.

         2.6   Closing

         The purchase  and  sale provided for  in this Agreement (the "Closing")
will take  place at the  offices  of Buyer's  counsel  commencing  at 10:00 a.m.
(local time) on or before February 14, 2003,  unless Buyer and Seller  otherwise
agree.  Subject  to the  provisions  of Section 9,  failure  to  consummate  the
purchase and sale provided for in this Agreement on the date and time and at the
place determined pursuant to this Section 2.6 will not result in the termination
of this  Agreement and will not relieve any party of any  obligation  under this
Agreement.  In such a situation,  the Closing will occur as soon as practicable,
subject to Section 9.

         2.7   Closing Obligations

         In  addition  to  any other  documents  to  be  delivered  under  other
provisions of this Agreement, at the Closing:

               (a)    Seller  shall  deliver  to  Buyer,  together  with   funds
sufficient  to pay all Taxes  necessary  for the  transfer,  filing or recording
thereof:

               (i)    a bill of  sale for  all of the Assets  that are  Tangible
         Personal Property in the form to be agreed upon by the parties prior to
         Closing (the "Bill of Sale") executed by Seller and the guaranty;

               (ii)   an assignment of all of  the  Assets that  are  intangible
         personal property in the form to be agreed upon by the parties prior to
         Closing , which assignment  shall also contain Buyer's  undertaking and
         assumption of the Assumed  Liabilities  (the "Assignment and Assumption
         Agreement") executed by Seller;

               (iii)  for each interest in Real Property identified  on  Exhibit
         3.7(a) and (b), a recordable  special  warranty  deed; for all easement
         interests,  an  assignment  of  easements  without  warranty;  for each
         leasehold  interest,  an assignment of lease, or such other appropriate
         document or instrument of transfer,  as the case may require,  together
         with a  general  assignment  by the  Seller  of any and all  rights  or
         interests  Seller  may  otherwise  have or hold  (whether  by  license,
         permit,  prescriptive  right, or otherwise) in respect of its operation
         of the System, to occupy,  use,  traverse,  spray,  percolate  through,
         burrow under, each in form and substance  satisfactory to Buyer and its
         counsel and executed by Seller;

                                       22

<PAGE>

               (iv)   assignments of all Intellectual  Property  Assets executed
         by Seller in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer;

               (v)    such other deeds, bills of sale, assignments, certificates
         of title, documents and other instruments of transfer and conveyance as
         may reasonably be requested by Buyer, each in form and substance agreed
         upon by the parties prior to Closing, executed by Seller;

               (vi)   employment agreements in the form to be  prepared by Buyer
         in accordance with the provisions of this  Agreement,  executed by such
         members of Seller's  senior  management  team as identified by Buyer in
         writing within ten business days after execution of this Agreement (the
         "Employment Agreements");

               (vii)  assignments of all construction work in progress  in  form
         reasonably  acceptable  to Buyer  which  have not yet  been  placed  in
         service as of the date of the Closing (such capital  improvements which
         have been  placed in  service  being part of the  Facilities  which are
         otherwise conveyed by Seller hereunder);

               (viii) a certificate executed by Seller as to the accuracy of its
         representations  and warranties as of the date of this Agreement and as
         of the Closing in accordance  with Section 7.1 and as to its compliance
         with and performance of their covenants and obligations to be performed
         or complied  with at or before the Closing in  accordance  with Section
         7.2;

               (ix)   a certificate of  the Secretary  of Seller  certifying, as
         complete  and  accurate  as of  the  Closing,  attached  copies  of the
         Governing  Documents of Seller,  certifying and attaching all requisite
         resolutions or actions of Seller's board of directors and  shareholders
         approving  the  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and  the
         consummation  of the  Contemplated  Transactions  and certifying to the
         incumbency  and  signatures  of the officers of Seller  executing  this
         Agreement  and  any  other  document   relating  to  the   Contemplated
         Transactions; and

               (x)    the sum of $200,000.00 which will be delivered to Buyer in
         accordance  with Buyer's wire  transfer  instructions.  Buyer agrees to
         hold this sum in trust for the sole  purpose of using such  amount only
         to satisfy the obligations that the Seller owes to the Buyer to pay for
         the items set forth in Section 10.9 hereof.  Buyer may remove  portions
         of such amount from the  foregoing  trust at such time as Buyer  incurs
         expenses  under said  section  for which the  Seller is liable.  In the
         event that said amount is not  utilized  as set forth above  within the
         time frames set forth within such section,  then the Buyer shall return
         to Seller the amount thereof as is not so used.

         (b)   Buyer shall deliver to Seller:

                                       23
<PAGE>

               (i)    Installment 1 of the Purchase  Price  plus  or  minus such
         other  funds as set forth on a  closing  statement  to be  agreed  upon
         between  Buyer and Seller  pursuant to the terms of this  Agreement  by
         wire transfer to a domestic  account of a United States bank  specified
         by the Seller in a writing  delivered to Buyer on or before the Closing
         Date;

               (ii)   the Assignment and Assumption Agreement executed by Buyer;

               (iii)  the executed Employment Agreements ;

               (iv)   a certificate executed by Buyer as to  the accuracy of its
         representations  and warranties as of the date of this Agreement and as
         of the Closing in accordance  with Section 8.1 and as to its compliance
         with and  performance of its covenants and  obligations to be performed
         or complied  with at or before the Closing in  accordance  with Section
         8.2; and

               (v)    a certificate of  the  Secretary  of  Buyer certifying, as
         complete  and  accurate  as of  the  Closing,  attached  copies  of the
         Governing Documents of Buyer and certifying and attaching all requisite
         resolutions  or  actions  of  Buyer's  governing  board  approving  the
         execution and delivery of this  Agreement and the  consummation  of the
         Contemplated   Transactions   and  certifying  to  the  incumbency  and
         signatures of the officers of Buyer  executing  this  Agreement and any
         other document relating to the Contemplated Transactions.

         (c)   As additional consideration for the transaction the determination
of the following  (the "Final True Up") will take place between 120 and 140 days
after  the  Closing  and,  in the event  that the  parties  cannot  agree on the
foregoing,  then either party may submit such dispute to the Dispute  Resolution
Process.  To the extent that  Eligible  Accounts  (as  hereinafter  defined) and
Eligible Unbilled Revenues (as hereinafter  defined) sold to the Buyer hereunder
as of the Effective Time minus accounts  payable  assumed by the Buyer hereunder
as of the Effective Time ("Final Computed  Amount") is in an amount greater than
zero ($0)  Dollars,  then the Buyer  shall  immediately  pay to the  Seller  the
difference  and to the extent that the Final  Computed  Amount is less than zero
($0) Dollars, then the Seller shall immediately pay to the Buyer the difference.
"Eligible  Accounts" means Accounts  Receivable  outstanding as of the Effective
Time that are actually collected by the Buyer within 90 days after the Effective
Time  and  "Eligible   Unbilled   Revenues"  means  Unbilled   Customer  Revenue
outstanding  as of the Effective  Time that are actually  collected by the Buyer
within 120 days after the Effective Time.

         (d)   At the Closing, the  Buyer shall  have received (i) an opinion of
counsel acceptable to the Buyer stating that neither the City of Gulf Breeze nor
the City of Milton will be held liable,  as a matter of law, for the liabilities
of the Buyer and (ii) an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Buyer stating that
upon the acquisition of the System by the Buyer, the rates, fees and charges for
the services and  facilities  of the System are not

                                       24
<PAGE>

subject to  regulation  by the Florida  Public  Service  Commission or any local
regulatory authority.

         2.8   Consents

               (a)    If there are  any  Material  Consents  that  have  not yet
been obtained (or otherwise are not in full force and effect) as of the Closing,
in the case of each Seller Contract as to which such Material  Consents were not
obtained  (or  otherwise  are not in full  force and  effect)  (the  "Restricted
Material  Contracts"),  Buyer may waive the  closing  conditions  as to any such
Material Consent and either:

               (i)    elect to have Seller continue its  efforts to  obtain  the
         Material Consents; or

               (ii)   elect to  have  Seller  retain  that  Restricted  Material
         Contract and all Liabilities arising therefrom or relating thereto; or

               (iii)  elect to have Seller require  any other  obligations under
         such  contract to perform  their  obligations  under such  contract and
         remit to Seller the amounts due to such obligations, for payment by the
         Seller to such obligations.

         If Buyer elects  to  have  Seller continue its  efforts  to obtain  any
Material Consents and the Closing occurs,  notwithstanding Sections 2.1 and 2.4,
neither this Agreement nor the Assignment and Assumption Agreement nor any other
document  related to the  consummation of the  Contemplated  Transactions  shall
constitute a sale, assignment,  assumption,  transfer, conveyance or delivery or
an attempted sale, assignment,  assumption,  transfer, conveyance or delivery of
the Restricted Material Contracts,  and following the Closing, the parties shall
use Best Efforts,  and cooperate with each other, to obtain the Material Consent
relating to each Restricted Material Contract as quickly as practicable. Pending
the  obtaining of such Material  Consents  relating to any  Restricted  Material
Contract,  the parties shall  cooperate  with each other in any  reasonable  and
lawful  arrangements  designed  to provide to Buyer the  benefits  of use of the
Restricted  Material  Contract  for its term (or any  right or  benefit  arising
thereunder,  including the  enforcement  for the benefit of Buyer of any and all
rights of Seller against a third party thereunder).  Once a Material Consent for
the  sale,  assignment,  assumption,  transfer,  conveyance  and  delivery  of a
Restricted  Material  Contract  is  obtained,   Seller  shall  promptly  assign,
transfer,  convey and deliver such Restricted  Material  Contract to Buyer,  and
Buyer shall  assume the  obligations  under such  Restricted  Material  Contract
assigned to Buyer from and after the date of assignment  to Buyer  pursuant to a
special-purpose  assignment and assumption  agreement  substantially  similar in
terms to those of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (which special-purpose
agreement  the parties shall  prepare,  execute and deliver in good faith at the
time of such transfer, all at no additional cost to Buyer).

                                       25
<PAGE>
               (b)    If  there  are  any  Consents  not  listed on  Exhibit 7.3
necessary for the assignment and transfer of any Seller  Contracts to Buyer (the
"Nonmaterial  Consents")  which have not yet been obtained (or otherwise are not
in full force and effect) as of the  Closing,  Buyer shall elect at the Closing,
in the  case  of each of the  Seller  Contracts  as to  which  such  Nonmaterial
Consents  were not obtained (or otherwise are not in full force and effect) (the
"Restricted Nonmaterial Contracts"), whether to:

               (i)    accept  the  assignment  of  such  Restricted  Nonmaterial
         Contract,  in which case, as between Buyer and Seller,  such Restricted
         Nonmaterial  Contract  shall,  to the maximum  extent  practicable  and
         notwithstanding  the  failure  to  obtain  the  applicable  Nonmaterial
         Consent,  be transferred at the Closing  pursuant to the Assignment and
         Assumption Agreement as elsewhere provided under this Agreement; or

               (ii)   reject  the  assignment  of  such  Restricted  Nonmaterial
         Contract,  in which case,  notwithstanding  Sections  2.1 and 2.4,  (A)
         neither this Agreement nor the Assignment and Assumption  Agreement nor
         any other  document  related to the  consummation  of the  Contemplated
         Transactions   shall   constitute  a  sale,   assignment,   assumption,
         conveyance or delivery or an attempted  sale,  assignment,  assumption,
         transfer,   conveyance  or  delivery  of  such  Restricted  Nonmaterial
         Contract,  and (B) Seller  shall  retain  such  Restricted  Nonmaterial
         Contract and all Liabilities arising therefrom or relating thereto.

3.       Representations and Warranties of Seller

         Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as of date of this Agreement as
follows:

         3.1   Organization And Good Standing

               (a)    Seller  is  qualified  to  do  business  in  the  State of
Florida.  Seller is a corporation  duly organized,  validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Florida,  with full corporate  power and
authority  to conduct its business as it is now being  conducted,  to own or use
the properties and assets that it purports to own or use, and to perform all its
obligations  under the Agreement.  Complete and accurate copies of the Governing
Documents of Seller, as currently in effect,  will be provided to Buyer prior to
Closing. .

               (b)    Seller has no Subsidiary and, except as disclosed to Buyer
in writing  prior to Closing,  does not own any shares of capital stock or other
securities of any other Person.

         3.2   Enforceability; Authority; No Conflict

               (a)    This Agreement constitutes the  legal, valid  and  binding
obligation of Seller,  enforceable  against it in accordance  with its terms and
each of Seller's Closing

                                       26

<PAGE>

Documents will constitute the legal,  valid,  and binding  obligation of Seller,
enforceable  against Sellers.  Seller has the absolute and  unrestricted  right,
power and  authority  to execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and,  except as
disclosed in Exhibit 3.2(c),  to perform its  obligations  under this Agreement,
and such action has been duly  authorized  by all  necessary  action by Seller's
shareholders and board of directors.

               (b)    Neither the execution and delivery of  this Agreement  nor
the  consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated  Transactions  will,
directly or indirectly (with or without notice or lapse of time):

               (i)    Breach (A) any provision of any of the Governing Documents
         of Seller or (B) any  resolution  adopted by the board of  directors or
         the shareholders of Seller;

               (ii)   except as disclosed in Exhibit 7.3, breach  any  provision
         of, or give any Person the right to declare a default or  exercise  any
         remedy  under,  or to  accelerate  the maturity or  performance  of, or
         payment under, or to cancel,  terminate or modify, any Seller Contract;
         or

               (iii)  except as disclosed  in  Exhibit  3.2(c),  result  in  the
         imposition or creation of any  Encumbrance  upon or with respect to any
         of the Assets.

               (c)    Except   as  provided   under  Section   367.071,  Florida
Statutes, and applicable equivalent county regulatory provisions,  Seller is not
required to give any notice to or obtain any material consent from any Person in
connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation
or performance of any of the Contemplated  Transactions,  except as set forth in
Exhibit 3.2(c),  and all of obligations,  representations  and warranties of the
parties   hereto  under  this  Agreement  are  qualified  and  limited  by  such
requirements  as may be  imposed  pursuant  to  said  Section  367.071,  Florida
Statutes, and equivalent county regulatory provisions, if applicable.

         3.3   Financial Statements

         Seller has delivered or made available to Buyer: (a) an audited balance
sheet of Seller as at December  31,  2001,  2000 and 1999  (including  the notes
thereto,  the "Balance  Sheet"),  and the related audited  statements of income,
changes in  shareholders'  equity and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended,
including in each case the notes  thereto,  together with the report  thereon of
Price Waterhouse Coopers,  independent certified public accountants;  and (b) an
unaudited  balance  sheet of Seller as at July 31,  2002 (the  "Interim  Balance
Sheet") and the related unaudited statement of income. Such financial statements
fairly present the financial condition and the results of operations, changes in
shareholders'  equity and cash flows of Seller as of the respective dates of and
for the periods referred to in such financial statements, all in accordance with
GAAP.

                                       27
<PAGE>

         3.4   Sufficiency of Assets

         The Assets (a)  constitute all  of the assets, tangible and intangible,
of any nature  whatsoever,  necessary to operate Seller's business in the manner
operated by the Seller as of  September  19, 2002 and as  presently  operated by
Seller  and (b)  include  all of the  operating  assets of  Seller  and the Real
Property,  all  Appurtenances,  all real estate privileges,  rights,  easements,
hereditaments,  and other  appurtenances  being  transferred to the Buyer at the
Closing constitute all or the foregoing.

         3.5   Description of Land

         Exhibit 3.5 contains a description of the Land.

         3.6   Description of Leased Real Property

         Exhibit 3.6 contains a description of the Leased Real Property.

         3.7   Title to Assets; Encumbrances

               (a)    Seller owns good and  marketable title  to  its respective
estates in the Land, free and clear of any Encumbrances, other than:

               (i)    liens for Taxes for the current tax year which are not yet
         due and payable; and

               (ii)   those described in that certain Title Commitment delivered
         to Buyer ("Real Estate Encumbrances").

         To the extent in Seller's possession,  true and  complete copies of (A)
all deeds, existing title insurance policies and surveys of or pertaining to the
Real  Property  and  (B)  all   instruments,   agreements  and  other  documents
evidencing, creating or constituting any Real Estate Encumbrances have been made
available to Buyer.  Seller warrants to Buyer that, at the time of Closing,  the
Land  shall be free and  clear of all Real  Estate  Encumbrances  identified  on
Schedule B-2 to the Title Commitment. (Real Estate Encumbrances other than those
identified on Exhibit 3.7(A), the "Permitted Real Estate  Encumbrances")  Seller
owns good and  transferable  title to all of the other  Assets free and clear of
any Encumbrances  other than those described in Exhibit 3.7(B) ("Non-Real Estate
Encumbrances").  Seller  warrants  to Buyer that,  at the time of  Closing,  all
Assets other than the Real Property  shall be free and clear of Non-Real  Estate
Encumbrances  other than those marked on Exhibit 3.7 with three asterisks to the
left of such item (those so marked, the "Permitted Non-Real Estate Encumbrances"
and,   together  with  the  Permitted   Real  Estate   Encumbrances   "Permitted
Encumbrances").

         Seller makes no representations in this Section 3.7  regarding title to
or the sufficiency of Appurtenances to the Real Property.

                                       28
<PAGE>
         3.8   Taxes

         (a)   Tax Returns Filed and Taxes Paid.  Seller  has filed or caused to
be filed on a timely basis all Tax Returns and all reports with respect to Taxes
that are or were required to be filed pursuant to applicable Legal Requirements.
All Tax  Returns  and reports  filed by Seller are true,  correct and  complete.
Seller has paid, or made provision for the payment of all Taxes that have or may
have become due for all  periods  covered by the Tax  Returns or  otherwise,  or
pursuant to any assessment received by Seller, except such Taxes, if any, as are
listed in Part 3.14(a) and are being  contested in good faith. No claim has been
made or is expected to be made by any Governmental Body in a jurisdiction  where
Seller  does not file Tax  Returns  that it is or may be subject to  taxation by
that jurisdiction.  There are no Encumbrances on any of the Assets that arose in
connection with any failure (or alleged  failure) to pay any Tax, and Seller has
no knowledge  of any basis for  assertion  of any claims  attributable  to Taxes
which, if adversely determined, would result in any such Encumbrance.

         (b)   Buyer agrees to comply with the requirements of Section  196.295,
Florida Statutes, Ad Valorem and Personal Property Taxes.

         (c)   Specific Potential Tax Liabilities and Tax Situations.

               (i)    Withholding. All Taxes  that Seller  is or was required by
         Legal Requirements to withhold,  deduct or collect have been or will be
         duly withheld, deducted and collected and, to the extent required, have
         been paid to the proper Governmental Body or other Person.

         3.9   Compliance With Legal Requirements; Governmental Authorizations

         (a)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.11, without  representation that
items on Exhibit 3.11 are material:

               (i)    To Seller's knowledge, Seller  is in  compliance with each
         Legal  Requirement  that  is  applicable  to it or to  the  conduct  or
         operation of its business or the ownership or use of any of its assets;

               (ii)   No event has occurred or circumstance exists  that (A) may
         constitute  or result in a violation  by Seller of, or a failure on the
         part of Seller to comply with,  any Legal  Requirement  or (B) may give
         rise to any  obligation on the part of Seller to undertake,  or to bear
         all or any portion of the cost of, any  remedial  action of any nature;
         and

               (iii)  Seller has not received any notice or  other communication
         (whether  oral or  written)  from any  Governmental  Body or any  other
         Person  regarding  (A)  any  actual,  alleged,  possible  or  potential
         violation of, or failure to comply with,  any Legal  Requirement or (B)
         any actual,  alleged,  possible or potential  obligation

                                       29
<PAGE>

         on the part of Seller to  undertake,  or to bear all or any  portion of
         the cost of, any remedial action of any nature.

         (b)   Exhibit 3.11(b) contains a  complete and  accurate list  of  each
Governmental Authorizations that are held by Seller or that otherwise relates to
Seller's  business  or the  Assets.  To  Seller's  knowledge,  the  Governmental
Authorizations  listed  are  valid  and in full  force  and  effect.  Except  as
disclosed in Exhibit 3.11(b):

               (i)    Seller is in material compliance with all of the  material
         terms and requirements of the Governmental Authorizations;

               (ii)   No event has occurred or circumstance exists  that may (A)
         constitute or result directly or indirectly in a material  violation of
         or a material  failure to comply with any material term or  requirement
         of any Governmental  Authorization or (B) result directly or indirectly
         in the revocation, withdrawal, suspension,  cancellation or termination
         of, or any modification to, any material Governmental Authorization;

               (iii)  Seller has not received any  notice or other communication
         (whether  oral or  written)  from any  Governmental  Body or any  other
         Person  regarding  (A)  any  actual,  alleged,  possible  or  potential
         violation of or failure to comply with any term or  requirement  of any
         Governmental  Authorization  or (B) any actual,  proposed,  possible or
         potential revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination
         of or modification to any Governmental  Authorization,  other than such
         violations,    failures,   revocations,    withdrawals,    suspensions,
         cancellations,  terminations  or  modifications  as  have  either  been
         resolved with such  Governmental Body or Person, or are not material to
         the  successful  operation  of the  System  or to the  results  of such
         operations; and

               (iv)   To the best of  Seller's   knowledge,   all   applications
         required  to  have  been  filed  for  the   renewal  of  the   material
         Governmental Authorizations have been duly filed on a timely basis with
         the appropriate  Governmental  Bodies,  and all other material  filings
         required  to  have  been  made  with   respect  to  such   Governmental
         Authorizations  have  been  duly  made  on  a  timely  basis  with  the
         appropriate Governmental Bodies.

         The    Governmental   Authorizations   collectively   constitute    the
Governmental  Authorizations  necessary to permit Seller to lawfully conduct and
operate its business in the manner in which it  currently  conducts and operates
such  business  and to permit  Seller to own and use its assets in the manner in
which it currently owns and uses such assets.

         3.10  Legal Proceedings; Orders

                                       30
<PAGE>

         (a)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.12,  there is no  pending or, to
Seller's knowledge, threatened Proceeding:

               (i)    by or against Seller or that otherwise relates  to  or may
         affect the business of, or any of the assets owned or used by,  Seller;
         or

               (ii)   that  challenges,   or  that   may  have   the  effect  of
         preventing, delaying, making illegal or otherwise interfering with, any
         of the Contemplated Transactions.

         To the knowledge of  Seller, no  event  has  occurred  or  circumstance
exists  that is  reasonably  likely  to give rise to or serve as a basis for the
commencement of any such  Proceeding.  Seller will promptly  deliver or provided
access to Buyer  copies of all  pleadings,  correspondence  and other  documents
relating to each  Proceeding  listed in Exhibit 3.12.  There are no  Proceedings
listed or  required  to be listed in  Exhibit  3.12 that  could  have a material
adverse effect on the business,  operations,  assets,  condition or prospects of
Seller or upon the Assets.

         (b)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.12; to the  knowledge of Seller,
no officer,  director,  agent or employee of Seller is subject to any Order that
prohibits  such  officer,  director,  agent  or  employee  from  engaging  in or
continuing any conduct, activity or practice relating to the business of Seller.

         (c)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.12:

               (i)    To Seller's knowledge, Seller  is  in material  compliance
         with all of the terms and requirements of each Order to which it or any
         of the Assets is or has been subject;

               (ii)   To   Seller's   knowledge,  no   event   has occurred   or
         circumstance  exists that is reasonably  likely to constitute or result
         in a violation of or failure to comply with any term or  requirement of
         any Order to which  Seller or any of the Assets is subject  material to
         the operation of the System or a portion thereof; and

               (iii)  Seller has not received any notice  or other communication
         (whether  oral or  written)  from any  Governmental  Body or any  other
         Person regarding any actual,  alleged,  possible or potential violation
         of, or failure to comply with,  any term or requirement of any Order to
         which Seller or any of the Assets is or has been subject,  that has not
         already been resolved.

         3.10(A) Absence of Certain Changes and Events.

         (a)   Except  as  set  forth  in  Exhibit 3.10(A), since  July 1, 2002,
Seller has conducted its business only in the Ordinary Course of Business, there
has not been any

                                       31
<PAGE>

material adverse change in its business and in the operation of the System,  and
there has not been:

               (i)    Any damage to or destruction or loss of any Asset, whether
         or not covered by  insurance  that has not been  replaced or which will
         not be replaced prior to the Effective Time; or

               (ii)   (to the extent the  same  might be material to the results
         of  operations  of the System or a portion  thereof) a sale (other than
         sales of  Inventories  in the Ordinary  Course of  Business),  lease or
         other  disposition  of any Asset or property of Seller  (including  the
         Intellectual Property Assets);

         3.11  Contracts; No Defaults

         (a)   To the best of Seller's knowledge,  Seller  has delivered or made
available to Buyer accurate and complete copies, of:

               (i)    each Seller Contract that involves performance of services
         or  delivery of goods or  materials  by Seller of an amount or value in
         excess of $10,000;

               (ii)   each Seller Contract that involves performance of services
         or  delivery of goods or  materials  to Seller of an amount or value in
         excess of $10,000;

               (iii)  each Seller Contract  that  was  not entered into  in  the
         Ordinary Course of Business and that involves  expenditures or receipts
         of Seller in excess of $10,000;

               (iv)   each Seller Contract affecting  the ownership  of, leasing
         of, title to, use of or any leasehold or other  interest in any real or
         personal  property (except personal property leases and installment and
         conditional  sales  agreements  having a value  per  item or  aggregate
         payments of less than $10,000 and with a term of less than one year);

               (v)    each  Seller   Contract   with  any  labor union or  other
         employee  representative  of a group of  employees  relating  to wages,
         hours and other conditions of employment;  each Seller Contract entered
         into other than in the  Ordinary  Course of Business  that  contains or
         provides for an express  undertaking  by Seller to be  responsible  for
         consequential damages;

               (vi)   each Seller Contract for capital expenditures in excess of
         $10,000;

               (vii)  each Seller Contract not denominated in U.S. dollars;

                                       32
<PAGE>

               (viii) each Seller Contract containing covenants  that in any way
         purport to restrict  Seller's business activity or limit the freedom of
         Seller to engage in any line of business or to compete with any Person;

               (ix)   each   power   of   attorney  of  Seller that is currently
         effective and outstanding;

               (x)    each   written    warranty,   guaranty,   and/or   similar
         undertaking with respect to contractual  performance extended by Seller
         other than in the Ordinary Course of Business; and

               (xi)   each amendment, supplement and  modification (whether oral
         or written) in respect of any of the foregoing.

         (b)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 7.3:

               (i)    each Contract which is  to  be  assigned to or  assumed by
         Buyer under this Agreement is in full force and effect and is valid and
         enforceable in accordance with its terms;

               (ii)   each  Contract  which  is  being assigned to or assumed by
         Buyer is assignable by Seller to Buyer without the consent of any other
         Person;

         (c)   Except as set forth in Exhibit 3.13 or 3.12:

               (i)    Seller is  in   compliance with all  applicable  terms and
         requirements of each Seller Contract which is being assumed by Buyer;

               (ii)   To  Seller's  knowledge,  no   event   has   occurred   or
         circumstance  exists that (with or without notice or lapse of time) may
         contravene,  conflict  with or result in a Breach of, or give Seller or
         other  Person  the right to declare a default  or  exercise  any remedy
         under,  or to  accelerate  the maturity or  performance  of, or payment
         under, or to cancel,  terminate or modify,  any Seller Contract that is
         being assigned to or assumed by Buyer;

               (iii)  To   Seller's   knowledge,   no   event   has  occurred or
         circumstance  exists under or by virtue of any  Contract  that (with or
         without  notice  or lapse of time)  would  cause  the  creation  of any
         Encumbrance affecting any of the Assets; and

               (iv)   Seller has not given to or received from  any other Person
         any notice or other  communication  (whether oral or written) regarding
         any actual,  alleged,  possible or potential violation or Breach of, or
         default  under,  any Contract  which is being assigned to or assumed by
         Buyer.

                                       33
<PAGE>

         (d)   There are  no  renegotiations of, attempts  to   renegotiate   or
outstanding rights to renegotiate any material amounts paid or payable to Seller
under current or completed  Contracts with any Person having the  contractual or
statutory right to demand or require such  renegotiation  and no such Person has
made written demand for such renegotiation.

3.12     Environmental Matters

         (a)   Except  as  disclosed in Exhibit 3.13(a), Seller  is in  material
compliance  with  and is not in  material  violation  of or  liable  under,  any
Environmental Law. Seller has no basis to expect any actual or threatened order,
notice or other  communication from (i) any Governmental Body or private citizen
acting in the public  interest or (ii) the current or prior owner or operator of
any  Facilities,  of any actual or potential  violation or failure to materially
comply with any Environmental Law, or of any actual or threatened  obligation to
undertake or bear the cost of any  Environmental,  Health and Safety Liabilities
with respect to any Facility or other property or asset (whether real,  personal
or  mixed)  in which  Seller  has or had an  interest,  or with  respect  to any
property  or  Facility  at or  to  which  Hazardous  Materials  were  generated,
manufactured, refined, transferred, imported, used or processed by Seller.

         (b)   Except as disclosed in Exhibit 3.13(b), there are no pending  or,
to  the  knowledge  of  Seller,  threatened  claims,   Encumbrances,   or  other
restrictions of any material nature resulting from any Environmental, Health and
Safety  Liabilities or arising under or pursuant to any  Environmental  Law with
respect to or  affecting  any Facility or any other  property or asset  (whether
real, personal or mixed) in which Seller has or had an interest.

         (c)   Except as disclosed in  Exhibit 3.13(c), Seller has no  knowledge
of or any basis to expect nor has received,  any citation,  directive,  inquiry,
notice, Order, summons, warning or other communication that relates to Hazardous
Activity, Hazardous Materials, or any alleged, actual, or potential violation or
failure to  materially  comply with any  Environmental  Law, or of any  alleged,
actual,  or  potential   obligation  to  undertake  or  bear  the  cost  of  any
Environmental,  Health and Safety  Liabilities  with  respect to any Facility or
property or asset (whether  real,  personal or mixed) in which Seller has or had
an  interest,  or with  respect to any  property or facility to which  Hazardous
Materials  generated,  manufactured,  refined,  transferred,  imported,  used or
processed  by  Seller  have  been   transported,   treated,   stored,   handled,
transferred, disposed, recycled or received.

         (d)   Except as disclosed  in Exhibit 3.13(d), Seller  has no  material
Environmental, Health and Safety Liabilities with respect to any Facility or, to
the knowledge of Seller,  with respect to any other  property or asset  (whether
real,  personal  or mixed) in which  Seller (or any  predecessor)  has or had an
interest  or at  any  property  geologically  or  hydrologically  adjoining  any
Facility or any such other property or asset.

                                       34
<PAGE>

         (e)   Except as  disclosed in Exhibit 3.13(e), there  are no  Hazardous
Materials  present  on  or  in  the  Environment  at  any  Facility  or  at  any
geologically  or  hydrologically  adjoining  property,  that are not in material
compliance with Environmental Laws,  including any Hazardous Materials contained
in barrels,  aboveground or underground storage tanks, landfills, land deposits,
dumps,  equipment  (whether  movable  or  fixed)  or  other  containers,  either
temporary or permanent,  and deposited or located in land, water,  sumps, or any
other part of the Facility or such adjoining property,  or incorporated into any
structure therein or thereon. Seller has not permitted or conducted, or is aware
of, any Hazardous  Activity  conducted with respect to any Facility or any other
property or assets (whether real,  personal or mixed) in which Seller has or had
an interest except in full compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws.

         (f)   Except as disclosed in Exhibit 3.13(f), there has been no Release
or, to the knowledge of Seller, Threat of Release, of any Hazardous Materials at
or from any Facility or at any other location where any Hazardous Materials were
generated,  manufactured,  refined,  transferred,  produced,  imported, used, or
processed from or by any Facility,  or from any other property or asset (whether
real,  personal  or mixed) in which  Seller  has or had an  interest,  or to the
knowledge  of Seller  any  geologically  or  hydrologically  adjoining  property
violation of any Environmental Law.

         (g)   Except as disclosed  in Exhibit 3.13(g), Seller  has delivered or
made  available  to Buyer true and  complete  copies and results of any reports,
studies,  analyses,  tests,  or  monitoring  possessed  or  initiated  by Seller
pertaining to Hazardous  Materials or Hazardous  Activities in, on, or under the
Facilities,   or  concerning  compliance,  by  Seller  with  Environmental  Laws
including,  but not limited to the environmental  assessments  listed in Exhibit
3.13

         (h)   Notwithstanding any provision contained  herein to the  contrary:

               (i)    Seller shall not be responsible  for any costs  associated
         with  contamination  which has come to be  located on or below the Real
         Property   solely  as  the  result  of  subsurface   migration  from  a
         contaminated  aquifer  from  a  source  or  sources  outside  the  Real
         Property, provided that (a) the Seller did not cause, contribute to, or
         exacerbate the Release or threat of Release of the contaminants through
         an act or  omission;  (b) the person  that caused the Release is not an
         agent or employee  of the  Seller,  and was not in a direct or indirect
         contractual   relationship  with  the  Seller;  and  (c)  there  is  no
         alternative  basis  for the  Seller's  liability  for the  contaminated
         aquifer,  such as liability as a generator or  transporter of hazardous
         substances   under   Section   107(a)  (3)  and  (4)  of  the   Federal
         Comprehensive  Environmental  Response  Compensation  and Liability Act
         (CERCLA)  or  liability  as an owner by  reason of the  existence  of a
         source  of  contamination  on the  Seller's  property  other  than  the
         contamination  that  migrated in an aquifer  from a source  outside the
         Real Property.

                                       35
<PAGE>

               (ii)   Seller  shall  not be  required  to pay  for the  costs of
         rehabilitation   of  environmental   contamination   resulting  from  a
         discharge  of  petroleum  products  that is  eligible  for  restoration
         funding from the Inland  Protection Trust Fund pursuant to Chapter 376,
         Florida  Statutes,  in advance of commitment of restoration  funding in
         accordance  with  the  sites  priority   ranking  pursuant  to  Section
         376.3071(5)(a),  Florida  Statutes.  In the event that Buyer determines
         that rehabilitation of petroleum  contamination must occur earlier than
         the  priority  ranking   established  by  the  Florida   Department  of
         Environmental Protection,  Buyer may request an assignment by Seller of
         all rights to reimbursement  from the Inland  Protection Trust Fund for
         such site and proceed  with  rehabilitation.  Seller  shall  provide an
         assignment  of all  rights  to  reimbursement  within  ten (10) days of
         receipt of a request from a Buyer.

         3.13  Employee Benefits

         (a)   Exhibit 3.131(a) contains and lists  the following in  connection
with  the  current  employees  of the  System:  (i)  any  collective  bargaining
agreement not otherwise referenced in this Agreement or any employment agreement
not  terminable on thirty (30) days notice,  (ii) each defined  benefit plan and
defined   contribution   plan,   stock  option  or  ownership  plan,   executive
compensation, bonus, incentive compensation or deferred compensation plan, (iii)
vacation pay,  medical,  dental,  disability or death benefit plan, and (iv) any
other  employee  benefit  plan,  program,  arrangement,   agreement  or  policy,
including without  limitation each "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of
Section 3(3) of ERISA,  in each case which is maintained or contributed to or by
Seller,  (collectively  the "Employee  Plans").  Seller will promptly deliver to
Buyer true,  accurate  and  complete  copies of the  documents  comprising  each
Employee  plan or,  with  respect to any  Employee  Plan which is  unwritten,  a
detailed written description of eligibility,  participation,  benefits,  funding
arrangements,  assets and any other matters which relate to the  obligations  of
Seller.

         (b)   Except as shown on Exhibit 3.131(b), to  the best of the Seller's
knowledge and belief,  neither  Seller nor any fiduciary of an Employee Plan has
engaged in a transaction  with respect to any Employee  Plan that,  assuming the
taxable period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof,  could subject
Seller or Buyer to a Tax or penalty  imposed by either  Section 4975 of the Code
or Section 502(1) of ERISA or a violation of Section 406 of ERISA.

         (c)   Except as shown on Exhibit 3.131(c), the Seller has  not incurred
nor will incur with respect to any "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section
3(3) of ERISA any actual or contingent  material liability,  including,  but not
limited to,  liability under Sections 601 through 608 of ERISA and Section 4980B
of the Code, any withdrawal  liability from any multiemployer  pension plan, any
termination or withdrawal  liability  under Section 4062, 4063 or 4064 of ERISA,
any "accumulated  funding  deficiency" as such term is defined in Section 302 of
ERISA and Section 412 of the Code (whether or not waived),  any  requirement  to
make any contributions to any  multiemployer  plan,

                                       36
<PAGE>

solely  as a  result  of  Seller  being a  member  of a  "controlled  group"  of
corporations, or treated as a single employer with any other corporation,  trade
or business (whether or not incorporated)  within the meaning of Section 414(b),
414(c) or 414(m) of the Code arising from or incurred with respect to any period
prior to the Closing date.

         (d)   Except as shown on  Exhibit 3.131(d), Seller  has, at  all times,
complied,  and currently complies,  in all material respects with the applicable
continuation  requirements for its welfare plans, including (i) Section 4980B of
the Code (as well as its predecessor provision,  Section 162(k) of the Code) and
Section 601 through 608, inclusive, of ERISA (collectively "COBRA") and (ii) any
applicable state statutes mandating health insurance  continuation  coverage for
employees.

         (e)   Except for the continuation  coverage requirements  of COBRA, and
except as shown on Exhibit  3.131(e),  Seller has no  obligations  or  potential
liability  for  benefits to  employees,  former  employees  or their  respective
dependents  following  termination of employment or retirement  under any of the
Employee  Plans that are  welfare  benefit  plans as defined in Section  3(1) of
ERISA.

         (f)   Seller's 401(k) plan, entitled Florida Water Services Corporation
Contributory  Profit  Sharing Plan  ("Seller's  401(k)  Plan") is intended to be
qualified  under Section  401(a) of the Code and the trust  maintained  pursuant
thereto is intended to be exempt from  federal  income  taxation  under  Section
501(a) of the Code and Seller is not aware of any Seller's 401(k) Plan provision
or operation that would result in the disqualification of Seller's 401(k) Plan.

         3.14  Intellectual Property Assets

         (a)   The term "Intellectual  Property Assets" means  all  intellectual
property  owned or licensed  (as licensor or licensee) by Seller in which Seller
has a proprietary interest, including:

               (iii)  Seller's name, all assumed fictional business names, trade
         names,  registered  and  unregistered  trademarks,  service  marks  and
         applications (collectively, "Marks");

               (iv)   all   patents,  patent  applications  and  inventions  and
         discoveries that may be patentable (collectively, "Patents");

               (v)    all   registered   and  unregistered  copyrights  in  both
         published works and unpublished works (collectively, "Copyrights");

               (vi)   all rights in mask works;

               (vii)  all know-how, trade secrets, confidential  or  proprietary
         information,  customer lists, Software,  technical  information,  data,
         process  technology,  plans,  drawings  and blue prints  (collectively,
         "Trade Secrets"); and

                                       37
<PAGE>

               (viii) all rights in internet web sites and internet domain names
         presently used by Seller (collectively "Net Names").

         (b)   Exhibit 3.14 contains a complete  and  accurate list and  summary
description and Seller has delivered to Buyer accurate and complete  copies,  of
all Intellectual  Property Assets, except for any license implied by the sale of
a product and  perpetual,  paid-up  licenses  for  commonly  available  Software
programs  with a value of less  than $500  under  which  Seller is the  licensee
except as otherwise  indicted on the foregoing  exhibit.  Except as set forth in
Exhibit 3.14, the  Intellectual  Property Assets are all those necessary for the
operation of Seller's business as it is currently conducted. Seller is the owner
or licensee of all right,  title and interest in and to each of the Intellectual
Property Assets,  free and clear of all  Encumbrances,  and has the right to use
and transfer without payment to a Third Party all of the  Intellectual  Property
Assets,  other than in respect of licenses  listed in Exhibit  3.14. To Seller's
knowledge,   no  Intellectual  Property  Asset  is  infringed,  or  to  Seller's
knowledge,  has been  challenged  or threatened in any way and does not infringe
the intellectual property rights of any Third Party.

         3.15  Brokers Or Finders

         Neither Seller  nor  any  of  its  Representatives  have  incurred  any
obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees
or agents'  commissions or other similar payments in connection with the sale of
Seller's business or the Assets or the Contemplated Transactions.

         3.16  Disclosure

               (e) No  material  representation or  warranty  made  by Seller in
this  Agreement  contains  any  material  untrue  statement  or omits to state a
material fact  necessary to make any of them, in light of the  circumstances  in
which it was made, not misleading.

         3.17  Employees

         Exhibit 3.17(a) contains a complete and accurate  list of the following
information  for each  employee of Seller,  including  each employee on leave of
absence or layoff status: name; job title; date of hiring or engagement; date of
commencement of employment or engagement;  current  compensation paid or payable
and any change in compensation  since July 1, 2002; sick and vacation leave that
is accrued  but  unused;  and  service  credited  for  purposes  of vesting  and
eligibility to participate  under any Employee Plan, or any other employee plan,
except as otherwise indicated on said exhibit.

         3.18  Labor Disputes; Compliance

         (a)   Except as  shown  on Exhibit  3.18,  Seller  has complied  in all
material

                                       38
<PAGE>

respects with all Legal Requirements relating to employment practices, terms and
conditions  of  employment,  equal  employment  opportunity,  nondiscrimination,
immigration,   wages,   hours,   benefits,   collective   bargaining  and  other
requirements  under state of federal  law,  the payment of social  security  and
similar Taxes and occupational  safety and health.  Seller is not liable for the
payment of any Taxes, fines,  penalties,  or other amounts,  however designated,
for failure to comply with any of the foregoing Legal Requirements.

         (b)   Except as shown on Exhibit 3.18, (i) Seller has  not been, and is
not now, a party to any collective bargaining agreement or other labor contract;
(ii) there has not been,  there is not  presently  pending or  existing,  and to
Seller's  knowledge there is not threatened,  any strike,  slowdown,  picketing,
work stoppage or employee grievance process involving Seller;  (iii) to Seller's
knowledge no event has occurred or  circumstance  exists that could  provide the
basis for any work  stoppage or other labor  dispute;  (iv) there is not pending
or, to Seller's knowledge, threatened against or affecting Seller any Proceeding
relating to the alleged violation of any Legal  Requirement  pertaining to labor
relations or employment  matters,  including any charge or complaint  filed with
the National  Labor  Relations  Board or any comparable  Governmental  Body, and
there is no organizational  activity or other labor dispute against or affecting
Seller or the  Facilities;  (v) no application or petition for an election of or
for certification of a collective bargaining agent is pending; (vi) no grievance
or arbitration  Proceeding  exists that might have an adverse effect upon Seller
or the conduct of its  business;  (vii) there is no lockout of any  employees by
Seller,  and no such action is  contemplated  by Seller;  and (viii) to Seller's
knowledge  there has been no pending charge of  discrimination  filed against or
threatened  against Seller with the Equal Employment  Opportunity  Commission or
similar  Governmental Body or any pending  employment  discrimination,  wrongful
discharge, retaliation lawsuits or lawsuits alleging whistle blowing.

         3.19   Capital Program.

         The Capital Improvement Plan Requirement includes sufficient  moneys to
satisfy all obligations owed by the Seller under developer agreements assumed by
the Buyer.

         3.20  Real Property Additional Representation  and  Warranty. That  the
Real  Property  is  not  subject  to  any   Encumbrance   (including   Permitted
Encumbrances)  and no Survey Matter (as  hereinafter  defined)  exists which (a)
materially adversely affects the operation of the System or a portion thereof as
operated on September  19, 2002 and the date  hereof,  as it will be operated on
the  date  of  Closing  or  (b)  materially  adversely  affects  the  use of the
improvements  on such Real  Property as used on September  19, 2002, on the date
hereof and as it will be used on the date of Closing.  "Survey Matter" means any
item shown on a survey  obtained  pursuant to Section  10.9  hereof.  "Increased
Cost" means costs that the Buyer incurs in constructing  improvements on, above,
or under the Real Property which it would not have incurred if the  Encumbrances
or Survey Matter did not exist.

                                       39
<PAGE>

         To  the  best  of  Seller's  knowledge, (a)no  part  of  any   material
improvement on the Real Property encroaches on any real property not included in
the Real  Property,  and there are no buildings,  structures,  fixtures or other
Improvements  primarily situated on adjoining property which materially encroach
on any part of the Real Property,  and (b) the Real Property on which there is a
material plant or other facility abuts on and has direct  vehicular  access to a
public  road  or  has  access  to a  public  road  via an  appurtenant  easement
benefiting such Land, and is supplied with public or quasi-public  utilities and
other services appropriate for the operation of the Facilities located thereon.

         3.21  Tie  In and  Deposits. Schedule  3.21  is  a  true  and  accurate
statement  of the matters set forth  therein,  and, in  addition,  is a true and
accurate  statement  (a) of all credits  that the Seller is obligated to give to
persons  (as  described  in Section  10.10  hereof)  against  Tie In Charges (as
hereinafter defined) and (b) all Tie In Charges that are subject to an agreement
pursuant  to which the Seller has agreed to provide a Tie In at either no charge
or for a fixed charge ("Fixed Charge Tie In's").

4.       Representations and Warranties of Buyer

         Buyer represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

         4.1   Organization and Good Standing

         Buyer is a governmental entity duly organized,  validly existing and in
good  standing  under the laws of the State of Florida,  with full  governmental
power and  authority  to conduct  its  business  as it is now  conducted  and to
complete the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         4.2   Authority; No Conflict

         (a)   This Agreement  constitutes  the   legal,   valid   and   binding
obligation of Buyer,  enforceable  against  Buyer in accordance  with its terms.
Upon the  execution  and delivery by Buyer of the  agreements  to be executed or
delivered by Buyer at Closing  (collectively,  the "Buyer's Closing Documents"),
each of the Buyer's  Closing  Documents  will  constitute  the legal,  valid and
binding  obligation of Buyer,  enforceable  against Buyer in accordance with its
respective  terms.  Buyer has the absolute  and  unrestricted  right,  power and
authority  to  execute  and  deliver  this  Agreement  and the  Buyer's  Closing
Documents and to perform its  obligations  under this  Agreement and the Buyer's
Closing  Documents,  and such action has been duly  authorized  by all necessary
corporate action.

         (b)   Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer nor
the consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated Transactions by Buyer
will give any Person the right to prevent, delay or otherwise interfere with any
of the Contemplated Transactions pursuant to:

               (i)    any provision of Buyer's Governing Documents;

                                       40
<PAGE>

               (ii)   any resolution  adopted  by  the board of directors or the
         shareholders of Buyer;

               (iii)  any  Legal  Requirement or Order to  which  Buyer  may  be
         subject; or

               (iv)   any Contract to which Buyer is a party or  by which  Buyer
         may be bound.

         Buyer is not  and will  not be required to obtain any  Consent from any
Person in connection  with the  execution and delivery of this  Agreement or the
consummation or performance of any of the Contemplated Transactions.

         4.3   Certain Proceedings

         Except as shown on  Exhibit 4.3 hereto, there is  no pending Proceeding
that has been  commenced  against  Buyer  and that  challenges,  or may have the
effect of preventing,  delaying,  making illegal or otherwise  interfering with,
any of the Contemplated Transactions.  To Buyer's knowledge, except as set forth
on Exhibit 4.3, no such Proceeding has been threatened.

         4.4   Brokers Or Finders

         Neither  Buyer  nor  any  of  its  Representatives  have  incurred  any
obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise, for brokerage or finders' fees
or  agents'  commissions  or  other  similar  payment  in  connection  with  the
Contemplated Transactions.

         4.5   Original Representations and Warranties. The  representations and
warranties  of the  Buyer  contained  in the  Original  Agreement  were true and
accurate when made and Seller is in compliance  with its duties and  obligations
set forth in the Original Agreement as of the date hereof.

5.       Covenants of Seller Prior to Closing

         5.1   Access and Investigation

         Between  the date  of this Agreement  and the  Closing Date,  and  upon
reasonable  advance  notice  received  from Buyer and subject to any  applicable
confidentiality   obligations,   Seller   shall   (a)   afford   Buyer  and  its
Representatives and prospective lenders, underwriters, and their Representatives
(collectively,  "Buyer  Group") full and free access,  during  regular  business
hours,  to  Seller's  personnel,   properties  (including  subsurface  testing),
contracts,  Governmental  Authorizations,  books and Records and other documents
and  data,  such  rights of access  to be  exercised  in a manner  that does not
unreasonably  interfere with the  operations of Seller;  (b) furnish Buyer Group
with  copies  of all such  contracts,  Governmental  Authorizations,  books  and
Records and other existing  documents and data as Buyer may reasonably  request;
(c) furnish  Buyer Group with such

                                       41
<PAGE>

additional financial, operating and other relevant data and information as Buyer
may reasonably  request;  and (d) otherwise  cooperate and assist, to the extent
reasonably  requested by Buyer,  with Buyer's  investigation  of the properties,
assets and financial condition related to Seller. In addition,  Buyer shall have
the right to have the Real Property and Tangible Personal Property  inspected by
Buyer Group,  at Buyer's sole cost and expense,  for purposes of determining the
physical  condition and legal  characteristics of the Real Property and Tangible
Personal  Property.  In the event  subsurface  or other  destructive  testing is
recommended  by any of Buyer  Group,  Buyer shall be  permitted to have the same
performed  with the prior  consent of Seller,  which  shall not be  unreasonably
withheld.

         5.2   Operation of the Business of Seller

         Between September 19, 2002 and the Closing, Seller:

         (a)   shall   conduct  and shall  have conducted  its business  in  the
Ordinary Course of Business;

         (b)   except as otherwise directed by Buyer  in  writing,  and  without
making any commitment on Buyer's behalf,  shall use and shall have used its Best
Efforts to preserve intact its current business organization, keep available the
services of its  officers,  employees  and agents and maintain its relations and
good will with suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, employees, agents and
others having business relationships with it;

         (c)   shall  have  conferred  and  shall  confer  with  Buyer  prior to
implementing operational decisions of a material nature;

         (d)   otherwise  shall have reported and  shall report periodically  to
Buyer concerning the status of its business, operations and finances;

         (e)   shall  not  make  and  not  make  any material  changes in senior
management   personnel  identified  by  Buyer  in  Section  2.7,  without  prior
consultation with Buyer;

         (f)   shall have maintained and shall maintain the Assets in a state of
repair and condition  that complies  with Legal  Requirements  and is consistent
with the requirements and normal conduct of Seller's business;

         (g)   shall have kept and shall keep in full force and effect,  without
amendment, all rights relating to Seller's business;

         (h)   shall have complied and shall comply with all Legal  Requirements
and contractual obligations applicable to the operations of Seller's business;

         (i)   shall have cooperated and  shall cooperate with  Buyer and  shall
have  assisted  and  shall  assist  Buyer  in   identifying   the   Governmental
Authorizations required

                                       42
<PAGE>

by Buyer to operate  the  business  from and after the  Closing  Date and either
transferring  existing  Governmental  Authorizations  of Seller to Buyer,  where
permissible, or obtaining new Governmental Authorizations for Buyer;

         (j)   upon request from time to time, shall have executed and delivered
and shall execute and deliver all documents,  shall have made and shall make all
truthful  oaths,  testify in any  Proceedings  and do all other acts that may be
reasonably  necessary to consummate the Contemplated  Transactions,  all without
further consideration; and

         (k)   shall have maintained and shall maintain all books and Records of
Seller relating to Seller's business in the Ordinary Course of Business.

         5.3   Negative Covenant

         Except as  otherwise  expressly permitted herein, between  the date  of
this Agreement and the Closing Date,  Seller shall not without the prior written
consent of Buyer which  shall not be  unreasonably  withheld  and which shall be
promptly acted upon by Buyer,  (a) make any  modification to any material Seller
Contract  or  Governmental  Authorization;  or  (b)  allow  the  levels  of  raw
materials,  supplies  or other  materials  included in the  Inventories  to vary
materially from the levels customarily maintained.

         5.4   Required Approvals

         Seller has made and  shall continue  to  make  the  reasonably required
filings  necessary  to be made by it in order  to  consummate  the  Contemplated
Transactions.  Seller also shall  cooperate  with Buyer and its  Representatives
with  respect to all  filings  that Buyer  elects to make or,  pursuant to Legal
Requirements,  shall be required  to make in  connection  with the  Contemplated
Transactions.  Seller also shall cooperate with Buyer and its Representatives in
obtaining all Material Consents.

         5.5   Notification

         Between  the  date  of  this Agreement and  the  Closing, Seller  shall
promptly notify Buyer in writing if any of them becomes aware of (a) any fact or
condition that causes or constitutes a Breach of any of Seller's representations
and  warranties  herein as of the date of this  Agreement or (b) the  occurrence
after  the date of this  Agreement  of any fact or  condition  that  would or be
reasonably likely to (except as expressly  contemplated by this Agreement) cause
or  constitute  a  Breach  of any  such  representation  or  warranty  had  that
representation  or warranty  been made as of the time of the  occurrence  of, or
Seller's  discovery of, such fact or condition.  During the same period,  Seller
also shall promptly notify Buyer of the occurrence of any Breach of any covenant
of Seller in this Article 5 or of the  occurrence of any event that may make the
satisfaction of the conditions in Article 7 impossible or unlikely.

         5.6   No Negotiation

                                       43
<PAGE>

         Until such time  as  this  Agreement  shall  be  terminated pursuant to
Section  9.1,  Seller  shall  not  directly  or  indirectly  solicit,  initiate,
encourage or entertain  any  inquiries or proposals  from,  discuss or negotiate
with,  provide  any  nonpublic  information  to or  consider  the  merits of any
inquiries  or  proposals  from any Person  (other  than  Buyer)  relating to any
business combination  transaction  involving Seller or the System (other than in
the Ordinary Course of Business).

         5.7   Best Efforts

Seller shall use their Best Efforts to  cause the conditions in the Agreement to
be  satisfied  and on or before the  Closing.  Seller  shall  further as soon as
practical after the Closing (a) amend its Governing Documents and take all other
actions necessary to change its name to one sufficiently  dissimilar to Seller's
present name, in Buyer's  judgment,  to avoid confusion and (b) take all actions
requested  by the Buyer so that Buyer can either  assume such name as an assumed
name or to change its name to Seller's present name.

         5.8   Payment Of Liabilities

         Seller shall pay or otherwise satisfy in the Ordinary Course of
Business all of its Liabilities and obligations as they come due.

         5.9   Current Evidence of Title

               (a)    Seller has furnished to Buyer, at Seller's expense,

               (i)    from Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company (the "Title
         Policy") (the "Title Insurer"):

                      (1)    a title commitment or  title commitments issued  by
               the Title Insurer to insure title to each parcel  listed  therein
               (which  Seller  warrants is all real property that Seller owns or
               owned as of September 19, 2002 in fee simple other than such real
               property that is an Excluded  Asset),  in the aggregate amount of
               $466,500,000,  subject  to  adjustment  as  provided  in  Section
               2.3(B),  naming  Buyer as the  proposed  insured  and  having the
               effective  dates as set forth therein,  wherein the Title Insurer
               has agreed to issue an ALTA form owner's title  insurance  policy
               1992  (10-17-92)  with Florida  modifications  (collectively  the
               "Title Commitment"); and

                      (2)    copies of all recorded documents listed as Schedule
               B-1 matters to be  terminated  or satisfied in order to issue the
               policy  described in the Title  Commitment or as special Schedule
               B-2 exceptions thereunder (the "Recorded Documents").

         (b)   The Title  Commitment includes the Title  Insurer's  requirements
for issuing its title policy,  which  requirements  shall be met by Seller on or
before  the  Closing  Date

                                       44
<PAGE>

(including  those  requirements  that  must be met by  releasing  or  satisfying
monetary Encumbrances, but excluding Encumbrances that will remain after Closing
as agreed to by the Buyer and those  requirements  that are to be met  solely by
Buyer).

         (c)   If any of the following shall occur (collectively, a "Title
Objection"):

               (i)    The Title Commitment or other evidence of title  or search
         of the appropriate  real estate records  discloses that any party other
         than  Seller  has  title to the  insured  estate  covered  by the Title
         Commitment;

               (ii)   any title exception  is disclosed  in  Schedule B  to  any
         Title  Commitment  that  is  not  one  of  the  Permitted  Real  Estate
         Encumbrances  or one that Seller  specifies  when  delivering the Title
         Commitment  to Buyer as one that Seller  will cause to be deleted  from
         the Title Commitment  concurrently with the Closing,  including (A) any
         exceptions that pertain to Encumbrances  securing any loans and (B) any
         exceptions  that  Buyer   reasonably   believes  could  materially  and
         adversely  affect  Buyer's  use and  enjoyment  of the  Land  described
         therein; or

               (iii)  any survey  discloses any  matter  that  Buyer  reasonably
         believes  could   materially  and  adversely  affect  Buyer's  use  and
         enjoyment of the Land described therein;

then Buyer shall notify Seller in writing ("Buyer's  Notice") of such matters by
December 31, 2002.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the surveys  referenced in
(iii) of the previous  sentence will be obtained  after the Closing  pursuant to
Section  10.9  and  the  Buyer  shall,  upon  obtaining  such  survey  and for a
reasonable time  thereafter,  have the right to object to any matter to which it
could have objected to under said part (iii) by  delivering a written  notice to
the Seller and such matter shall be a Title Objection as set forth above.

         (d)   Seller shall use its  Best Efforts to  cure each Title  Objection
and take all steps  required  by the  Title  Insurer  to  eliminate  each  Title
Objection as an exception to the Title  Commitment.  In the event that the Title
Objection  arises after the Closing,  then the Seller shall use its Best Efforts
to cure such Title Objection and take all steps required by the Title Insurer to
amend the title policy  previously  issued as required  herein to eliminate such
Title Objection. Any Title Objection that the Title Company is willing to insure
over on terms  acceptable  to  Seller  and  Buyer is  herein  referred  to as an
"Insured  Exception." The Insured Exceptions,  together with any title exception
or  matters  disclosed  by the  Survey  not  objected  to by Buyer in the manner
aforesaid shall be deemed to be acceptable to Buyer.

         (e)   Nothing herein waives Buyer's right to claim a breach  of Section
3.9(a) or to claim a right to  indemnification  as provided  in Section  11.2 if
Buyer suffers material Damages as a result of a  misrepresentation  with respect
to the condition of title to the Land.

                                       45
<PAGE>

         (f)   Seller shall use its best efforts to comply with the requirements
of Schedule B Section 1 of the Title  Commitment.  At the Closing,  Seller shall
identify  any Schedule B Section 1  requirements  that cannot be satisfied as of
the Closing.  Seller and Buyer shall agree on a post-Closing  process to satisfy
these  requirements (the "Post-Closing  Schedule B Requirements").  Seller shall
indemnify the Buyer as to all Post-Closing  Schedule B requirements that are not
satisfied in accordance with the agreed upon post-Closing process.

6.       Covenants of Buyer Prior to Closing

         6.1   Required Approvals

         As promptly as  practicable  after  the  date  of this Agreement, Buyer
shall make, or cause to be made, all filings  required by Legal  Requirements to
be made by it to  consummate  the  Contemplated  Transactions.  Buyer also shall
cooperate,  and cause its  Related  Persons to  cooperate,  with Seller (a) with
respect to all filings  Seller shall be required by Legal  Requirements  to make
and (b) in obtaining all Consents identified in Exhibit 7.3, provided,  however,
that  Buyer  shall  not be  required  to  dispose  of or make any  change to its
business,  expend any material funds or incur any other material burden in order
to comply with this Section 6.1.

         6.2   Best Efforts

         Buyer  shall  use  its  Best  Efforts  to cause the conditions  in this
Agreement to be satisfied.

7.       Conditions Precedent to Buyer's Obligation to Close

         Buyer's obligation to purchase the Assets and to take the other actions
required to be taken by Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction,  at
or prior to the Closing,  of each of the following  conditions (any of which may
be waived by Buyer, in whole or in part):

         7.1   Accuracy of Representations

         (a)   All of Seller's representations and warranties in  this Agreement
(considered  collectively),  and each of these  representations  and  warranties
(considered  individually),  shall have been accurate as of the Exhibit Delivery
Date,  and shall be  accurate  in all  material  respects  as of the time of the
Closing as if then made.

         (b)   Each of the representations and warranties in Sections 3.2(a) and
3.4, and each of the  representations  and  warranties  in this  Agreement  that
contains an express materiality qualification, shall be accurate in all respects
as of the time of the Closing as if then made.

                                       46
<PAGE>

         7.2   Seller's Performance

         All  of  the  covenants and  obligations that  Seller are  required  to
perform or to comply with pursuant to this  Agreement at or prior to the Closing
(considered   collectively),   and  each  of  these  covenants  and  obligations
(considered  individually),  shall have been duly performed and complied with in
all material respects.

         7.3   Consents

         Each of the  Material Consents to be  identified by Buyer and agreed to
by Seller in Exhibit 7.3 prior to Closing (the "Material  Consents")  shall have
been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.

         7.4   Additional Documents

         Seller  shall  have caused the documents and  instruments  required  by
Section 2.7(a) and the following  documents to be delivered (or made available )
to Buyer:

         (a)   The  articles of incorporation  and  all  amendments  thereto  of
Seller, duly certified as of a recent date by the Secretary of State;

         (b)   A legal opinion reasonably satisfactory to Buyer; and

         (c)   Such other documents  as  Buyer may  reasonably  request for  the
purpose of:

               (i)    evidencing the accuracy of any of Seller's representations
         and warranties;

               (ii)   evidencing the performance by Seller of, or the compliance
         by Seller with, any covenant or obligation  required to be performed or
         complied with by Seller;

               (iii)  evidencing the satisfaction of any  condition referred  to
         in this Article 7;

               (iv)   otherwise facilitating the consummation or  performance of
         any of the Contemplated Transactions; or

               (v)    evidence  showing  the  release  of  all  liens,  security
         interests,  and other  encumbrances  other than Permitted  Encumbrances
         (but excluding any Permitted Encumbrances that encumber the Assets held
         by any  entity  which has  provided  or may  provide  financing  to the
         Seller)

7.5      No Conflict

                                       47
<PAGE>

         Neither the consummation nor the performance of any of the Contemplated
Transactions  will,  directly or indirectly,  materially  contravene or conflict
with or result in a material  violation of or cause Buyer or any Related  Person
of Buyer to suffer any material  adverse  consequence  under (a) any  applicable
Legal  Requirement or Order or (b) any valid Legal Requirement or Order that has
been entered by any Governmental Body.

         7.6   Line of Credit. Seller shall have caused ALLETE, Inc., to execute
and deliver to the Buyer an agreement  in the form and  substance of Exhibit 7.6
hereto.

8.       Conditions Precedent to Seller's Obligation to Close

         Seller's  obligation to  sell the Assets and to take the other  actions
required to be taken by Seller at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at
or prior to the Closing,  of each of the following  conditions (any of which may
be waived by Seller in whole or in part):

         8.1   Accuracy of Representations

         All  of Buyer's  representations  and   warranties  in  this  Agreement
(considered  collectively),  and each of these  representations  and  warranties
(considered individually),  shall have been accurate in all material respects as
of the date of this Agreement and shall be accurate in all material  respects as
of the time of the Closing as if then made.

         8.2   Buyer's Performance

         All of the  covenants and obligations that Buyer is required to perform
or to  comply  with  pursuant  to this  Agreement  at or  prior  to the  Closing
(considered   collectively),   and  each  of  these  covenants  and  obligations
(considered  individually),  shall have been  performed and complied with in all
material respects.

         8.3   Additional Documents

         Buyer shall have caused a  legal opinion  satisfactory to Seller to  be
supplied and the documents and  instruments  required by Section  2.7(b) and the
following documents to be delivered or made available to Seller:

         (a)   such other documents  as Seller may  reasonably  request for  the
purpose of:

               (i)    evidencing the accuracy of any representation or  warranty
         of Buyer,

               (ii)   evidencing the performance by Buyer of, or the  compliance
         by Buyer with,  any covenant or obligation  required to be performed or
         complied with by Buyer or

               (iii)  evidencing the  satisfaction of any condition referred  to
         in this Article

                                       48
<PAGE>
         8.4   No Injunction

         There shall not be in effect any Legal Requirement or any injunction or
other Order that (a) prohibits the consummation of the Contemplated Transactions
and (b) has been adopted or issued, or has otherwise become effective, since the
date of this Agreement.

9.       Termination

         9.1   Termination Events

         By notice given prior to  or  at the Closing,  subject to  Section 9.2,
this Agreement may be terminated as follows:

         (a)   by Buyer if a material Breach of any provision of this  Agreement
has been committed by Seller and such Breach has not been waived by Buyer;

         (b)   by Seller if a material Breach of any provision of this Agreement
has been committed by Buyer and such Breach has not been waived by Seller;

         (c)   by Buyer if any condition in Article 7 has not been  satisfied as
of the date  specified  for  Closing in the first  sentence of Section 2.6 or if
satisfaction  of such a condition by such date is or becomes  impossible  (other
than  through  the failure of Buyer to comply  with its  obligations  under this
Agreement), and Buyer has not waived such condition on or before such date;

         (d)   by Seller if any condition in Article 8 has not been satisfied as
of the date  specified  for  Closing in the first  sentence of Section 2.6 or if
satisfaction  of such a condition by such date is or becomes  impossible  (other
than  through the failure of Seller to comply  with its  obligations  under this
Agreement), and Seller has not waived such condition on or before such date;

         (e)   by mutual consent of Buyer and Seller;

         (f)   by Buyer if the Closing has not  occurred on or  before  February
14, 2003 or such later date as the  parties may agree upon,  unless the Buyer is
in material Breach of this Agreement; or

         (g)   by Seller if the Closing has not occurred  on or  before February
14, 2003 or such later date as the parties may agree upon,  unless the Seller is
in material Breach of this Agreement.

         (h)   by Seller if the amount of  Purchase Price  Installment 1 is less
than $400,000,000 as of the date of pricing of the Closing Bonds.

                                       49
<PAGE>

         9.2   Effect Of Termination

         Each party's right of termination under  Section 9.1 is in addition  to
any other rights it may have under this Agreement or otherwise, and the exercise
of such  right of  termination  will not be an  election  of  remedies.  If this
Agreement is terminated  pursuant to Section 9.1, all obligations of the parties
under this Agreement will terminate,  except that the obligations of the parties
in this  Section 9.2 and  Articles 12 and 13 (except for those in Section  13.5)
will survive,  provided,  however, that, if this Agreement is terminated because
of a Breach of this  Agreement  by the  non-terminating  party or because one or
more  of the  conditions  to the  terminating  party's  obligations  under  this
Agreement is not satisfied as a result of the party's failure to comply with its
obligations  under this Agreement,  the terminating  party's right to pursue all
legal   remedies  will  survive  such   termination   unimpaired.   Furthermore,
notwithstanding  any  such  termination,   the  Seller  shall  immediately  upon
termination pay to the Buyer the Due Diligence Amount.

         Neither Buyer nor Seller shall be liable to the other in the event that
after the  execution  of this  Agreement  there  occurs (i) a change of law that
prevents the Closing, (ii) any action by a third party that prevents the Closing
or (iii) any order by a Governmental  Agency or court that prevents the Closing.
Both parties agree to diligently defend against a third party attempt to prevent
a Closing.

10.      Additional Covenants

         10.1  Employees and Employee Benefits

         (a)   Information   on  Active  Employees. For   the  purpose  of  this
Agreement,  the term "Active  Employees" shall mean all individuals  employed by
Seller on the  Closing  Date by ,  including  employees  on  temporary  leave of
absence, including family medical leave, military leave, temporary disability or
sick leave, but excluding employees on long-term disability leave.

         (b)   Employment of Active Employees by Buyer.

               (i)    Buyer will make offers of employment  to all employees are
         legally  eligible  for  employment  in the  United  States . Buyer will
         provide  Seller with a list of Active  Employees to whom Buyer has made
         an offer of  employment  that has been  accepted to be effective on the
         Closing  Date  (the  "Hired  Active   Employees").   Subject  to  Legal
         Requirements,  Buyer will have reasonable  access to the Facilities and
         personnel  Records  (including  performance  appraisals,   disciplinary
         actions,  grievances and medical  Records) of Seller for the purpose of
         preparing  for and  conducting  employment  interviews  with all Active
         Employees and will conduct the interviews as  expeditiously as possible
         prior to the  Closing  Date.  Access  will be  provided  by Seller upon
         reasonable  prior  notice  during  normal  business  hours.   Effective
         immediately before the Closing, Seller will

                                       50
<PAGE>

         terminate the employment of all Hired Active Employees.

               (ii)   Neither Seller nor its Related  Persons  shall solicit the
         continued employment of any Active Employee (unless and until Buyer has
         informed Seller in writing that the particular Active Employee will not
         receive any employment offer from Buyer) or the employment of any Hired
         Active  Employee  after the  Closing  who are still  employed by Buyer.
         Buyer shall inform  Seller  promptly of the  identities of those Active
         Employees to whom it will not make employment  offers, and Seller shall
         comply with the WARN Act as to those Active  Employees.  Buyer consents
         to the  Seller  giving  WARN Act  notice,  if it  elects  to do so,  as
         provided under law.

               (iii)  It is understood and  agreed  that (A)  Buyer's  expressed
         intention to extend  offers of  employment as set forth in this section
         shall  not  constitute  any  commitment,   Contract  or   understanding
         (expressed  or  implied)  of any  obligation  on the part of Buyer to a
         post-Closing  employment  relationship of any fixed term or duration or
         upon any terms or  conditions  other than those set forth  herein  that
         Buyer may establish  pursuant to individual  offers of employment,  and
         (B) employment offered by Buyer will be "at will" and may be terminated
         by Buyer or by an employee  at any time for any reason  (subject to any
         written  commitments  to the contrary  made by Buyer or an employee and
         Legal  Requirements).  Nothing  in this  Agreement  shall be  deemed to
         prevent  or  restrict  in any way the  right  of  Buyer  to  terminate,
         reassign, promote or demote any of the Hired Active Employees after the
         Closing or to change adversely or favorably the title, powers,  duties,
         responsibilities, functions, locations, salaries, other compensation or
         terms or conditions of employment of such employees.

         (c)   Salaries and Benefits.

               (i)    Seller  shall be  responsible  for (A) the payment of  all
         wages and other  remuneration  due to Active  Employees with respect to
         their  services as employees of Seller through the close of business on
         the Closing  Date,  ; (B) the payment of any  termination  or severance
         payments  and the  provision  of health plan  continuation  coverage in
         accordance with the  requirements of COBRA and Sections 601 through 608
         of ERISA, or may be required by Seller by law or contract;  and (C) any
         and all payments to employees  required  under the WARN Act as a result
         of  the  contemplated   transactions   Notwithstanding   the  foregoing
         provisions, and solely for the purpose of ensuring the payment of wages
         to Active  Employees  only on the actual  date of  Closing,  the Seller
         shall be  responsible  for the payment of wages with  respect to Active
         Employees for any workshift  beginning  prior to 12:00 a.m. on the date
         of Closing  and which  workshifts  end after  12:01 a.m. on the date of
         Closing.

               (ii)   Seller shall be liable for any claims  made or incurred by
         Active Employees and their beneficiaries through the Closing Date under
         the Employee

                                       51
<PAGE>

         Plans. For purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, a claim will
         be  deemed  incurred,  in the  case  of  hospital,  medical  or  dental
         benefits,  when the  services  that are the  subject  of the charge are
         performed  and, in the case of other  benefits  (such as  disability or
         life  insurance),  when an event has  occurred or when a condition  has
         been diagnosed that entitles the employee to the benefit.

         (d)   Terms of Employment. Buyer  will  set  its own initial  terms and
conditions of employment for the Hired Active  Employees and others it may hire,
including work rules,  benefits and salary and wage structure,  all as permitted
by  law,   provided  such  terms  and  conditions  shall  be  in  the  aggregate
substantially  similar in value to the terms and conditions of such Hired Active
Employees under the Seller's  employ as disclosed to Buyer herein.  Buyer is not
obligated to assume any collective  bargaining  agreements under this Agreement.
Seller shall be solely liable for any severance  payment  required to be made to
its employees due to the Contemplated  Transactions.  Any bargaining obligations
of Buyer with any union with respect to bargaining unit employees  subsequent to
the Closing,  whether such obligations arise before or after the Closing,  shall
be the sole responsibility of Buyer.

         (f)   General Employee Provisions.

               (i)    Seller and Buyer shall  give any notices required by Legal
         Requirements and take whatever other actions with respect to the plans,
         programs  and  policies  described  in  this  Section  10.1  as  may be
         necessary to carry out the arrangements described in this Section 10.1.

               (ii)   Seller and Buyer shall  provide each  other with such plan
         documents  and  summary  plan  descriptions,  employee  data  or  other
         information as may be reasonably required to carry out the arrangements
         described in this Section 10.1.

               (iii)  If any of the arrangements described  in this Section 10.1
         are determined by the IRS or other  Governmental  Body to be prohibited
         by law,  Seller and Buyer shall modify such  arrangements to as closely
         as possible reflect their expressed intent and retain the allocation of
         economic benefits and burdens to the parties  contemplated  herein in a
         manner that is not prohibited by law.

               (iv)   Seller shall provide Buyer  with  completed 1-9 forms  and
         attachments with respect to all Hired Active Employees, except for such
         employees as Seller  certifies in writing to Buyer are exempt from such
         requirement.

               (v)    Buyer shall  not  have  any  responsibility, liability  or
         obligation,  whether  to  Active  Employees,  former  employees,  their
         beneficiaries  or to any other  Person,  with  respect to any  employee
         benefit  plans,  practices,  programs or  arrangements  (including  the
         establishment,  operation or termination  thereof and the  notification
         and provision of COBRA coverage extension) maintained by

                                       52
<PAGE>

         Seller.

               (vi)   Seller will require certain  assistance from certain Hired
         Active  Employees  to  process  post-Closing   obligations  of  Seller,
         including,  but not limited to, filings with the Florida Public Service
         Commission  and other  regulatory  agencies  and  federal  wage and tax
         filings (collectively the "Post-Closing Obligations"), and Buyer agrees
         to provide the services of such  necessary  employees to assist  Seller
         with  its   Post-Closing   Obligations.   Such  assistance   shall  not
         unreasonably interfere with the necessary employees' regular duties for
         Buyer.  As   consideration   to  Buyer  for  assistance  with  Seller's
         Post-Closing  Obligations,  Seller  shall  pay  Buyer  the sum of Fifty
         Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00),  which sum shall be credited to Buyer at
         the Closing.

         10.2  Payment of all Taxes Resulting From Sale of Assets by Seller

         Seller shall pay in a timely manner all Taxes resulting from or payable
in connection with the sale of the Assets pursuant to this Agreement, regardless
of the Person on whom such Taxes are imposed by Legal Requirements.

         10.3  Payment of Other Retained Liabilities

         In addition to payment of Taxes  pursuant to Section 10.2, Seller shall
pay, or make  adequate  provision  for the payment,  in full all of the Retained
Liabilities and other  Liabilities of Seller under this  Agreement.  If any such
Liabilities are not so paid or provided for, or if Buyer  reasonably  determines
that  failure to make any payments  will impair  Buyer's use or enjoyment of the
Assets or  conduct  of the  business  previously  conducted  by Seller  with the
Assets,  Buyer may,  upon ten (10) days  notice,  at any time after the  Closing
Date, elect to make all such payments  directly (but shall have no obligation to
do so) and set off and  deduct  the full  amount of all such  payments  from the
maturing  payments  due from Buyer to Seller or as provided for from the Capital
Charges owing to Seller.

         10.4  Removing Excluded Assets

         Within sixty (60) days after the Closing Date, Seller shall  remove all
Excluded  Assets  (other than the Capital  Charges  provided  for in Section 2.2
hereof) from all Facilities and other Land to be occupied by Buyer. Such removal
shall be done in such manner as to avoid any damage to the  Facilities and other
properties to be occupied by Buyer and any disruption of the business operations
to be conducted  by Buyer after the Closing.  Any damage to the Assets or to the
Facilities  resulting  from such removal shall be paid by Seller.  Should Seller
fail to remove the Excluded Assets as required by this Section, Buyer shall have
the right, but not the obligation, (a) to remove the Excluded Assets at Seller's
sole cost and expense; (b) to store the Excluded Assets and to charge Seller all
storage  costs  associated  therewith;  (c) to  treat  the  Excluded  Assets  as
unclaimed

                                       53
<PAGE>

and to  proceed  to  dispose  of the same  under  the laws  governing  unclaimed
property;  or (d) to  exercise  any  other  right or  remedy  conferred  by this
Agreement or  otherwise  available  at law or in equity.  Seller shall  promptly
reimburse Buyer for all costs and expenses  incurred by Buyer in connection with
any Excluded Assets not removed by Seller on or before the Closing Date.

         10.5  Reports and Returns

         Seller shall promptly after the  Closing  prepare and file  all reports
and returns required by Legal Requirements relating to the business of Seller as
conducted using the Assets, to and including the Effective Time.

         10.6  Assistance in Proceedings

         Seller  will  cooperate  with  Buyer  and its counsel in the contest or
defense of, and make  available  its  personnel  and provide any  testimony  and
access to its books and Records in connection with, any Proceeding  involving or
relating  to (a)  any  Contemplated  Transaction  or (b) any  action,  activity,
circumstance,  condition,  conduct,  event,  fact,  failure  to  act,  incident,
occurrence,  plan, practice,  situation,  status or transaction on or before the
Closing Date involving Seller or its business.

         10.7  Retention of and Access to Records

         After the Closing Date, Buyer shall retain for a period consistent with
Buyer's  record-retention   policies  and  practices  those  Records  of  Seller
delivered to Buyer.  Buyer also shall provide  Seller and their  Representatives
reasonable  access  thereto,  during  normal  business  hours to enable  them to
prepare financial  statements or tax returns or deal with tax audits.  After the
Closing  Date,  Seller shall provide  Buyer and its  Representatives  reasonable
access to Records that are Excluded Assets, during normal business hours for any
reasonable business purpose specified by Buyer in such notice.

         10.8  Further Assurances

         Subject to  the  proviso in Section 6.1, the  parties  shall  cooperate
reasonably  with  each  other  and  with  their  respective  Representatives  in
connection  with any  steps  required  to be  taken as part of their  respective
obligations  under this  Agreement,  and shall (a) furnish  upon request to each
other such further information; (b) execute and deliver to each other such other
documents;  and (c) do such other acts and  things,  all as the other  party may
reasonably  request for the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement
and the Contemplated Transactions.

         10.9  Environmental and Real Estate Matters. The Buyer shall have the
right at Seller's expense, but not the obligation, to do Phase 1 environmental
site assessments and studies and regulatory compliance audits on the Real
Property and other assets of the Seller (whether or not located on the Real
Property) (collectively, "Environmental

                                       54
<PAGE>

Property") as Buyer may determine.  The foregoing pursuant to this Section shall
be accomplished within nine (9) months after the Closing.  For 90 days after the
Buyer has received all the foregoing it desires to obtain  pursuant to the first
sentence of this  Section,  the Buyer shall have the right at Seller's  expense,
but not the obligation, to do such further environmental studies and assessments
(including  soil and surface  water and ground  water  testing)  and  regulatory
compliance  audits on the  Environmental  Property based on the  recommendations
contained in such Phase 1's or in subsequent reports issued by the environmental
consultant(s) on the Environmental Property which reports were obtained pursuant
to this Section.  The foregoing 90 day period set forth in the previous sentence
shall be extended to a time period within which the  environmental  assessments,
studies and audits can  reasonably  be completed if such  environmental  studies
cannot  be  completed   within  such  time  period   because  of   extraordinary
circumstances  (such as a Phase 2 assessment  recommending  a Phase 3 assessment
being done, test results not being promptly  available,  test results only being
obtainable  if higher  than  normal  fees are paid,  or testing  being of such a
nature that such testing takes more time than testing usually takes as a general
matter).

         The Buyer  shall  have  the right  at  Seller's  expense, but  not  the
obligation,  to do  such  surveys  on the  Real  Property  as  Buyer  reasonably
determines  have situated on it valuable  improvements or has on it improvements
that are  significant to the operation of the System and excluding the following
property:  (1) lift station  property with an assessed value less than $150,000,
and (2)  unimproved  parcels  in excess of a 1/4 acre.  Buyer will not cause any
surveys to be paid for by the Seller if the individual cost of such survey is in
excess of $10,000,  unless either (1) the buyer has reasonable  cause to believe
the  survey  will  show a  material  encroachment  or  excroachment  or (2) such
property does in fact bear a material  encroachment  or  excroachment.  Prior to
undertaking  any such  surveys,  Buyer shall notify Seller in writing and Seller
shall have the right to object in writing  to  Buyer's  determination  if Seller
concludes that Buyer's determination was not reasonable, for ten (10) days after
receipt thereof (and if Seller fails to so object, Seller will be deemed to have
agreed to  Buyer's  determination).  If Seller  and Buyer  cannot  resolve  such
dispute,  then whether such  determination  is reasonable shall be determined in
accordance with the dispute resolution  provisions  hereof.  Buyer's right to do
surveys under this paragraph shall expire three (3) years after the Closing.

         All  such  environmental  studies   and   assessments   and  regulatory
compliance audits and surveys done pursuant to this Section shall be at the sole
cost and  expense of the Seller and  Seller  agrees to  reimburse  Buyer for the
costs and  expenses  incurred by Buyer under this  Section.  As provided  above,
Seller will deposit with Buyer  $200,000.00 to be held by Buyer for the purposes
of  reimbursing  the  Buyer for costs and  expenses  incurred  pursuant  to this
Section.  Buyer agrees to first utilize such money before  requesting  Seller to
directly reimburse it for such costs and expenses.

                                       55
<PAGE>
         10.10 Fixed Tie-In's and Tie-In Deposits. Seller has supplied to  Buyer
documents pursuant to this Agreement relating to obligations that the Seller has
to  provide a Fixed  Charge Tie In (as  defined  in  Section  3.21) (the "Tie In
Documents")  and the amount which the Buyer would  receive  under a Fixed Charge
Tie In may be less than the Buyer would,  but for this section charge,  for such
Individual Tie-In (as defined in Section 3.21). Although Buyer is not under this
Agreement assuming such obligations,  Buyer does hereby agree to provide utility
service to persons who would  otherwise have received  service from Seller under
the Tie In Documents,  and to further  provide  Individual Tie In's at the Fixed
Charge Tie In to the Person  entitled to receive  such Fixed  Charge Tie In from
the Seller,  provided that the  representations and warranties of the Seller set
forth in Section 3.21 are true and accurate.

         Furthermore, Seller  has supplied to  Buyer documents  pursuant to this
Agreement  relating to deposits ("Vendee Deposit") made by land contract vendees
("Deposit  Vendee") pursuant to land contracts for which deposits the Seller has
agreed to give the relevant  Deposit Vendee a credit equal to such deposits made
by such Deposit  Vendee  against Tie In Charges which such Deposit  Vendee would
have to pay at the time it obtains water and/or sewage  service from the System.
After Closing,  some of such Deposit Vendees will continue to make such deposits
and Seller  agrees to promptly  after Closing take such action to cause all such
future deposits to be paid to the Buyer and shall supply the Buyer with evidence
that it has done so.  Although Buyer is not under this  Agreement  assuming such
obligations,  Buyer does hereby  agree that it will provide  utility  service to
such Deposit Vendees and shall give the relevant Deposit Vendee a credit against
Tie In Charges at the time it supplies such Deposit Vendee an Individual Tie In,
which  credit  will be in an amount  equal to that  which the  Seller is, at the
Effective Time obligated to give the relevant  Deposit Vendee plus the amount of
deposits  that the Buyer  receives  after the  Effective  Time from such Deposit
Vendee pursuant to this paragraph, provided that the representation and warranty
set forth in Section 3.21 hereof is true and accurate.

         10.11 CUSTOMER DEPOSITS.

         At  Closing, Seller  shall transfer to  the Buyer  by  electronic  fund
transfer all funds in customer deposit accounts ("Customer Deposits"), including
any  interest  earned,  accrued or due thereon  through the Closing  Date.  Upon
receipt  of  the  Customer  Deposits,   Buyer  will  assume  responsibility  for
maintaining  accurate  books  and  records  of the funds  and for  repaying  the
Deposits in accordance with the standards and procedures adopted by the Buyer.

         10.12 REGULATORY TRANSFER CONTINGENCY.

         The sale and  transfer of  the  Assets  pursuant to  this Agreement  is
contingent upon approval by the Florida Public Service  Commission and the other
applicable County

                                       56
<PAGE>

Regulatory Agencies. Pursuant to Section 163.01(7)(g), Florida Statutes, Section
367.071(4)(a),  Florida Statutes, and prior legal precedent,  such approvals may
be obtained after Closing and must be granted as a matter of right.


11.      Indemnification; Remedies

         11.1  Survival

         All representations, warranties,  covenants  and  obligations  in  this
Agreement,  the  certificates  delivered  pursuant  to Section 2.7 and any other
certificate or document  delivered  pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the
Closing  and the  consummation  of the  Contemplated  Transactions,  subject  to
Section 11.7. The right to indemnification,  reimbursement or other remedy based
upon such  representations,  warranties,  covenants and obligations shall not be
affected by any  investigation  (including any  environmental  investigation  or
assessment)  conducted  with respect to, or any knowledge  acquired at any time,
whether  before or after the  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement or the
Closing Date,  with respect to the accuracy or inaccuracy of or compliance  with
any such  representation,  warranty,  covenant or obligation.  The waiver of any
condition based upon the accuracy of any  representation or warranty,  or on the
performance of or compliance  with any covenant or  obligation,  will not affect
the right to  indemnification,  reimbursement  or other  remedy  based upon such
representations,  warranties,  covenants and  obligations.  For purposes of this
Article  11,  whenever  the  phrases "to  Seller's  knowledge",  "to the best of
Seller's  knowledge",  "to the knowledge of Seller",  or any similar phrase,  or
whenever the words  "material" or "materially" are used in this Agreement (other
than in this  Article  11),  such words and  phrases  shall be  disregarded  for
purposes of this  Article 11 and  indemnification  hereunder as if such words or
phrases were stricken from this Agreement.

         11.2  Indemnification and Reimbursement by Seller

         Seller will indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, and its Representatives,
shareholders,   subsidiaries  and  Related  Persons  (collectively,  the  "Buyer
Indemnified Persons"),  and will reimburse the Buyer Indemnified Persons for any
loss,  liability,  claim, damage,  expense (including costs of investigation and
defense and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and  expenses) or diminution of value,
whether or not involving a Third-Party Claim (collectively,  "Damages") (but not
including any Damages  recovered by the offsets for the Remedial Capital Project
Amount), arising from or in connection with:

               (a)    any  Breach  of  any  representation or  warranty made  by
Seller in (i) this Agreement (without giving effect to any supplement  thereto),
(ii) the certificates  delivered pursuant to Section 2.7 (for this purpose, each
such certificate will be deemed to have stated that Seller's representations and
warranties in this Agreement  fulfill the

                                       57
<PAGE>

requirements  of Section  7.1 as of the  Closing  Date as if made on the Closing
Date without giving effect to any  supplement  thereto,  unless the  certificate
expressly  states  that the  matters  disclosed  in a  supplement  have caused a
condition  specified  in  Section  7.1 not to be  satisfied),  (v) any  transfer
instrument  or (vi) any  other  certificate,  document,  writing  or  instrument
delivered by Seller pursuant to this Agreement;

               (b) any Breach of any covenant  or obligation of  Seller in  this
Agreement or in any other certificate, document, writing or instrument delivered
by Seller pursuant to this Agreement;

               (c)    (1) Any   Liability  arising  out  of  the   ownership  or
operation  of the Assets  prior to the  Effective  Time  other than the  Assumed
Liabilities,  including, but not limited to, any litigation existing on the date
of Closing or subsequently  filed against the Buyer challenging the transaction,
and (2)  litigation  expenses for eminent domain actions filed against the Buyer
subject to  reimbursement  of those  expenses  to the  Seller by the  condemning
authority.
               (d)    any brokerage or finder's  fees or commissions  or similar
payments based upon any agreement or understanding made, or alleged to have been
made,  by any  Person  with  Seller  (or any  Person  acting on its  behalf)  in
connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions;

               (e)    any liability under the  WARN Act or any  similar state or
local Legal Requirement that may result from an "Employment Loss", as defined by
29 U.S.C. sect. 2101(a)(6),  caused by any action of Seller prior to the Closing
or by Buyer's decision not to hire previous employees of Seller;

               (f)    any Employee Plan established or maintained by Seller; or

               (g)    any Retained Liabilities.

               Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  this Agreement  to  the
contrary,  the Buyer will not have the right to sue the Seller for Damages which
result  form a defect in the title to the Real  Property  obtained  by the Buyer
pursuant  to this  Agreement  for  which  there is  applicable  title  insurance
pursuant to Section 5.9 hereof and on which a claim may be made by the Buyer for
the relevant  Damages  unless (a) the Buyer has filed a claim under the relevant
title insurance  policy and the claim has not been allowed within 90 days of the
date the claim was filed or (b) the Buyer has filed a claim  under the  relevant
title insurance policy, the claim was allowed within 90 days after the filing of
the claim but the  processing  or  defending  (or the  taking of other  relevant
action in accordance with the claim by the Title Insurer) is not proceeding in a
satisfactory manner as determined by the Buyer in the exercise of its reasonable
judgment.

         11.3  Indemnification and Reimbursement  by Seller - Environmental  and
Real

                                       58
<PAGE>

Estate Matter

         In addition to the other indemnification provisions in this Article 11,
Seller will  indemnify and hold harmless  Buyer and the other Buyer  indemnified
Persons,  and will reimburse Buyer and the other Buyer Indemnified  Persons, for
any Damages  (including  costs of  cleanup,  containment  or other  remediation)
arising from or in connection with:

               (a)    any Environmental, Health  and  Safety Liabilities arising
out of or relating to: (i) the  ownership or operation by any Person at any time
on or prior to the Closing Date of any of the Facilities, assets or the business
of Seller,  or (ii) any  Hazardous  Materials  or other  contaminants  that were
present on the Facilities or Assets at any time on or prior to the Closing Date;
or

               (b)    any  bodily  injury  (including  illness,  disability  and
death,  regardless  of when any such bodily  injury  occurred,  was  incurred or
manifested  itself),  personal  injury,  property  damage  (including  trespass,
nuisance,  wrongful  eviction and  deprivation  of the use of real  property) or
other  damage of or to any  Person  or any  Assets  in any way  arising  from or
allegedly  arising  from any  Hazardous  Activity  conducted  by any Person with
respect to the  business of Seller or the Assets  prior to the  Closing  Date or
from any  Hazardous  Material that was (i) present on or before the Closing Date
on or at the  Facilities  (or present on any other  property,  if such Hazardous
Material emanated or allegedly emanated from any Facility and was present on any
Facility,  on or  prior  to the  Closing  Date) or (ii)  Released  or  allegedly
Released by any Person on or at any Facilities or Assets at any time on or prior
to the Closing Date.

               (c)    any assertion of, or the  existence of, any  right by  any
Person to obtain the ownership of, or right to negotiate to obtain the ownership
of, any of the Assets other than any such right  granted by or purported to have
been granted by the Buyer,  including without limitation rights of first refusal
or rights to have Seller  negotiate with such Person prior to sale of any of the
Assets to another Person (and including  therein  without  limitation any of the
foregoing  which have been asserted by Volusia  County and which may be asserted
by Altamonte Springs).

         Buyer,  with  Seller's  consent  and   approval   which  shall  not  be
unreasonably  withheld,  will be entitled to control any  Remedial  Action,  any
Proceeding  relating to an  Environmental  Claim and,  except as provided in the
following sentence,  any other Proceeding with respect to which indemnity may be
sought under this Section  11.3.  The  procedure  described in Section 11.9 will
apply to any claim solely for monetary  damages  relating to a matter covered by
this Section 11.3.

         No claim  for environmental  indemnification or  reimbursement  may  be
asserted  unless (i) the  underlying  environmental  condition  is  specifically
identified  in Exhibit 3.13 or (ii) the party  asserting  the claim  establishes
that the conditions,  Release,  disposal or

                                       59
<PAGE>

actions  giving  rise to the  liability  or claim  were  present  at or prior to
Closing  and that the party  asserting  the claim  did not  materially  cause or
contribute to such conditions after Closing.  For purposes of this section 11.3,
all  environmental  conditions and compliance issues arising out of, related to,
or  caused by any  facts or  circumstances  as  described  in the  environmental
reports  listed in Exhibit 3.13 or obtained  pursuant to Section  3.12hereof are
deemed to have been specifically identified in Exhibit 3.13.

         11.4  Indemnification and Reimbursement by Buyer

         Buyer will indemnify  and  hold harmless  Seller,  and  will  reimburse
Seller, for any Damages arising from or in connection with:

               (a)    any Breach of any representation or warranty made by Buyer
in  this  Agreement  or in any  certificate,  document,  writing  or  instrument
delivered by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement;

               (b)    any Breach of any covenant or  obligation of Buyer in this
Agreement or in any other certificate, document, writing or instrument delivered
by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement;

               (c)    any claim by  any Person for brokerage or finder's fees or
commissions  or similar  payments  based  upon any  agreement  or  understanding
alleged to have been made by such  Person  with  Buyer (or any Person  acting on
Buyer's behalf) in connection with any of the Contemplated Transactions; or

               (d)    any Assumed Liabilities.

         11.5  Limitations on Amount--Seller

         Seller shall have no liability (for indemnification or  otherwise) with
respect to claims  under  Section  11.2(a)  until the total of all Damages  with
respect to such matters  exceeds  $500,000 and then only for the amount by which
such  Damages  exceed  $500,000.  However,  this  Section 11.5 will not apply to
claims under (the following,  each an "Exempted Breach") Section 11.2(b) through
(g) or to matters  arising in respect of Sections  3.7,  3.13,  or 3.15,  to any
Breach of any of Seller's representations and warranties of which the Seller had
knowledge  at any  time  prior  to the date on  which  such  representation  and
warranty  is made  or any  Breach  by  Seller  of any  covenant  or  obligation.
Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Seller shall not be liable for Minor Claims
(as hereinafter defined) until such Minor Claims aggregate more than $500,000 in
which case,  Seller  shall be liable for all Minor  Claims to the extent that in
the aggregate  they exceed  $500,000  provided that Damages in aggregate  exceed
$500,000.  "Minor Claim" means Damages resulting from a Breach hereof covered by
Section 11.2(a) (other than an Exempted Breach) that do not exceed $20,000.00.

                                       60
<PAGE>

         11.6  Limitations on Amount--Buyer

         Buyer will have no liability (for  indemnification or  otherwise)  with
respect to claims  under  Section  11.4(a)  until the total of all Damages  with
respect to such matters  exceeds  $500,000 and then only for the amount by which
such  Damages  exceed  $500,000.  However,  this  Section 11.6 will not apply to
claims  under  Section  11.4(b)  through  (d) or  matters  arising in respect of
Section 4.4 or to any Breach of any of Buyer's representations and warranties of
which  Buyer  had  knowledge  at any  time  prior  to the  date  on  which  such
representation  and  warranty is made or any Breach by Buyer of any  covenant or
obligation,  and Buyer  will be liable  for all  Damages  with  respect  to such
Breaches.

         11.7  Time Limitations

               (a)    If the Closing  occurs, Seller  will have  liability  (for
indemnification  or  otherwise)  with respect to any Breach of (i) a covenant or
obligation  to be  performed  or complied  with prior to the Closing Date (other
than those in  Sections  2.1 and 2.4(b)  and  Articles  10 and 12, as to which a
claim may be made at any time), or (ii) a representation or warranty (other than
one  contained  in Section 3.12 or 3.13 hereof) only if on or before three years
after the Closing Date,  Buyer notifies Seller of a claim specifying the factual
basis of the claim in  reasonable  detail to the extent then known by Buyer.  If
the  Closing  occurs,   Seller  will  have  liability  (for  indemnification  or
otherwise)  with  respect to any Breach of the  representations  and  warranties
contained  in Section  3.12 or 3.13 hereof only if on or before five years after
the Closing Date,  the Buyer notifies  Seller of a claim  specifying the factual
basis of the claim in reasonable detail to the extent then known by Buyer.

               (b)    If  the  Closing  occurs, Buyer  will  have liability (for
indemnification  or  otherwise)  with respect to any Breach of (i) a covenant or
obligation  to be  performed  or complied  with prior to the Closing Date (other
than those in Article 12, as to which a claim may be made at any time) or (ii) a
representation  or  warranty  (other  than that set forth in Section  4.4, as to
which a claim may be made at any time),  only if on or before  three years after
the Closing Date,  Seller notifies Buyer of a claim specifying the factual basis
of the claim in reasonable detail to the extent then known by Seller.

         11.8  Right Of Setoff

         Upon  notice  to  Seller  specifying  in  reasonable  detail the  basis
therefor,  Buyer may set off any amount to which it may be  entitled  under this
Article 11 against  amounts  otherwise  payable to Seller,  subject to  Seller's
right to object under the Dispute Resolution Process. The exercise of such right
of setoff by Buyer in good faith,  whether or not  ultimately  determined  to be
justified, will not constitute an event of default.

                                       61
<PAGE>

Neither the  exercise  of nor the failure to exercise  such right of setoff will
constitute  an  election  of  remedies  or  limit  Buyer  in any  manner  in the
enforcement of any other remedies that may be available to it.

         11.9  Third-Party Claims

               (a)    Promptly after receipt by a  Person entitled to  indemnity
under Section 11.2, 11.3 (to the extent provided in the last sentence of Section
11.3)  or 11.4  (an  "Indemnified  Person")  of  notice  of the  assertion  of a
Third-Party  Claim against it, such Indemnified  Person shall give notice to the
Person obligated to indemnify under such Section (an  "Indemnifying  Person") of
the assertion of such Third-Party Claim, provided that the failure to notify the
Indemnifying  Person will not relieve the  Indemnifying  Person of any liability
that it may  have to any  Indemnified  Person,  except  to the  extent  that the
Indemnifying  Person  demonstrates that the defense of such Third-Party Claim is
prejudiced by the Indemnified Person's failure to give such notice.

               (b)    If an Indemnified Person gives notice to the  Indemnifying
Person pursuant to Section 11.9(a) of the assertion of a Third-Party  Claim, the
Indemnifying  Person  shall be  entitled to  participate  in the defense of such
Third-Party Claim and, to the extent that it wishes (unless (i) the Indemnifying
Person  is also a  Person  against  whom the  Third-Party  Claim is made and the
Indemnified Person determines in good faith that joint  representation  would be
inappropriate  or (ii)  the  Indemnifying  Person  fails to  provide  reasonable
assurance to the  Indemnified  Person of its  financial  capacity to defend such
Third-Party Claim and provide  indemnification  with respect to such Third-Party
Claim),   to  assume  the  defense  of  such  Third-Party   Claim  with  counsel
satisfactory  to the  Indemnified  Person.  After  notice from the  Indemnifying
Person to the  Indemnified  Person of its election to assume the defense of such
Third-Party  Claim, the Indemnifying  Person shall not, so long as it diligently
conducts such defense, be liable to the Indemnified Person under this Article 11
for any fees of other counsel or any other  expenses with respect to the defense
of such Third-Party Claim, in each case subsequently incurred by the Indemnified
Person in  connection  with the defense of such  Third-Party  Claim,  other than
reasonable  costs of  investigation.  If the  Indemnifying  Person  assumes  the
defense of a Third-Party Claim, (i) such assumption will conclusively  establish
for purposes of this  Agreement that the claims made in that  Third-Party  Claim
are within the scope of and subject to  indemnification,  and (ii) no compromise
or settlement  of such  Third-Party  Claims may be effected by the  Indemnifying
Person without the Indemnified  Person's  Consent unless (A) there is no finding
or  admission  of any  violation of Legal  Requirement  or any  violation of the
rights of any Person;  (B) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are
paid in full by the Indemnifying  Person;  and (C) the Indemnified  Person shall
have  no  liability  with  respect  to any  compromise  or  settlement  of  such
Third-Party  Claims  effected  without  its  Consent.  If  notice is given to an
Indemnifying   Person  of  the  assertion  of  any  Third-Party  Claim  and  the
Indemnifying  Person  does  not,  within  ten (10) days  after  the  Indemnified
Person's notice is given, give

                                       62
<PAGE>

notice to the  Indemnified  Person of its election to assume the defense of such
Third-Party  Claim, the Indemnifying  Person will be bound by any  determination
made in such Third-Party  Claim or any compromise or settlement  effected by the
Indemnified Person.

               (c)    Notwithstanding the  foregoing, if  an  Indemnified Person
determines  in  good  faith  that  there  is a  reasonable  probability  that  a
Third-Party Claim may adversely affect it or its Related Persons other than as a
result of monetary  damages  for which it would be  entitled to  indemnification
under this Agreement,  the Indemnified Person may, by notice to the Indemnifying
Person,  assume  the  exclusive  right to  defend,  compromise  or  settle  such
Third-Party  Claim,  but  the  Indemnifying  Person  will  not be  bound  by any
determination  of any  Third-Party  Claim so defended  for the  purposes of this
Agreement or any  compromise or settlement  effected  without its Consent (which
may not be unreasonably withheld).

               (d)    Notwithstanding the  provisions of  Section  13.4,  Seller
hereby  consents  to the  nonexclusive  jurisdiction  of any  court  in  which a
Proceeding  in  respect of a  Third-Party  Claim is  brought  against  any Buyer
Indemnified Person for purposes of any claim that a Buyer Indemnified Person may
have under this Agreement with respect to such Proceeding or the matters alleged
therein  and agree that  process may be served on Seller and  Shareholders  with
respect to such a claim anywhere in the world.

               (e)    With   respect  to   any  Third-Party  Claim  subject   to
indemnification  under this Article 11: (i) both the Indemnified  Person and the
Indemnifying  Person,  as the case may be,  shall  keep the other  Person  fully
informed of the status of such Third-Party Claim and any related  Proceedings at
all stages thereof where such Person is not represented by its own counsel,  and
(ii) the parties  agree  (each at its own  expense) to render to each other such
assistance as they may reasonably require of each other and to cooperate in good
faith with each other in order to ensure the proper and adequate  defense of any
Third-Party Claim.

               (f)    With respect  to  any   Third-Party   Claim   subject   to
indemnification  under this Article 11, the parties agree to cooperate in such a
manner as to preserve in full (to the extent  possible) the  confidentiality  of
all   Confidential   Information  and  the   attorney-client   and  work-product
privileges. In connection therewith, each party agrees that: (i) it will use its
Best  Efforts,  in respect of any  Third-Party  Claim in which it has assumed or
participated in the defense,  to avoid  production of  Confidential  Information
(consistent  with  applicable  law  and  rules  of  procedure),   and  (ii)  all
communications   between  any  party  hereto  and  counsel  responsible  for  or
participating  in the  defense of any  Third-Party  Claim  shall,  to the extent
possible,  be  made  so  as  to  preserve  any  applicable   attorney-client  or
work-product privilege.

         11.10 Other Claims

                                       63
<PAGE>

         A claim for indemnification for any  matter not involving a Third-Party
Claim may be asserted by notice to the party from whom indemnification is sought
and shall be paid  promptly  after such  notice,  subject to filing an objection
under the Dispute Resolution Process.

         11.11 Buyer Benefit

         Upon any termination of this Agreement that would entitle the Buyer  to
recover the benefit of its bargain  with the Seller,  the Buyer and Seller agree
that the value of the  benefit of the  bargain is  speculative,  is not  readily
subject to determination  objectively and agree that the value of the benefit of
the bargain to the Buyer is $5 Million,  plus an amount equal to all transaction
costs  which the  Buyer  would  have paid if the  Closing  and  issuance  of the
Acquisition Bonds had taken place.

12.      Confidentiality

         12.1  Definition of Confidential Information

               (a)    As  used  in  this  Article  12,  the  term  "Confidential
Information"  includes  any and all of the  following  information  of Seller or
Buyer  that has been or may  hereafter  be  disclosed  in any form,  whether  in
writing,  orally,  electronically  or otherwise,  or otherwise made available by
observation,  inspection  or otherwise by either party (Buyer on the one hand or
Seller, on the other hand) or its Representatives  (collectively,  a "Disclosing
Party") to the other party or its  Representatives  (collectively,  a "Receiving
Party"):

               (i)    all information that is a  trade  secret under  applicable
         trade secret or other law;

               (ii)   all information concerning  product  specifications, data,
         know-how,  formulae,   compositions,   processes,   designs,  sketches,
         photographs,  graphs,  drawings,  samples,  inventions and ideas, past,
         current  and  planned  research  and  development,  current and planned
         manufacturing  or distribution  methods and processes,  customer lists,
         current and  anticipated  customer  requirements,  price lists,  market
         studies,  business  plans,  computer  hardware,  Software  and computer
         software   and   database   technologies,   systems,   structures   and
         architectures;

               (iii)  all information concerning the business and affairs of the
         Disclosing  Party  (which  includes  historical  and current  financial
         statements,   financial   projections  and  budgets,  tax  returns  and
         accountants'  materials,   historical,  current  and  projected  sales,
         capital  spending budgets and plans,  business plans,  strategic plans,
         marketing  and  advertising  plans,  publications,  client and customer
         lists and files, contracts,  the names and backgrounds of key personnel
         and personnel training techniques and materials,  however  documented),
         and all  information

                                       64
<PAGE>

         obtained from review of the Disclosing Party's documents or property or
         discussions  with the  Disclosing  Party  regardless of the form of the
         communication; and

               (iv)   all notes, analyses, compilations, studies, summaries  and
         other material prepared by the Receiving Party to the extent containing
         or based,  in whole or in part,  upon any  information  included in the
         foregoing.

         (b)   Any trade secrets of a Disclosing Party shall also be entitled to
all of the  protections and benefits under  applicable  trade secret law and any
other  applicable law. If any information  that a Disclosing Party deems to be a
trade  secret is found by a court of  competent  jurisdiction  not to be a trade
secret  for  purposes  of this  Article  12,  such  information  shall  still be
considered  Confidential  Information of that  Disclosing  Party for purposes of
this Article 12 to the extent  included  within the  definition.  In the case of
trade secrets,  each of Buyer and Seller hereby waives any requirement  that the
other party  submit  proof of the  economic  value of any trade secret or post a
bond or other security.

         12.2  Restricted Use of Confidential Information

               (a)    Each  Receiving Party acknowledges  the  confidential  and
proprietary  nature of the Confidential  Information of the Disclosing Party and
agrees that such Confidential  Information (i) shall be kept confidential by the
Receiving Party;  (ii) shall not be used for any reason or purpose other than to
evaluate  and  consummate  the  Contemplated  Transactions;  and  (iii)  without
limiting the  foregoing,  shall not be disclosed by the  Receiving  Party to any
Person,  except in each case as  otherwise  expressly  permitted by the terms of
this Agreement or with the prior written consent of an authorized representative
of Seller with respect to  Confidential  Information  of Seller (each, a "Seller
Contact") or an authorized  representative of Buyer with respect to Confidential
Information of Buyer (each, a "Buyer  Contact").  Each of Buyer and Seller shall
disclose  the   Confidential   Information  of  the  other  party  only  to  its
Representatives  who require  such  material for the purpose of  evaluating  the
Contemplated  Transactions  and are  informed by Buyer or Seller as the case may
be, of the obligations of this Article 12 with respect to such information. Each
of Buyer and Seller  shall (iv)  enforce the terms of this  Article 12 as to its
respective  Representatives;  (v) take such  action to the extent  necessary  to
cause its  Representatives  to comply  with the  terms  and  conditions  of this
Article 12; and (vi) be responsible  and liable for any breach of the provisions
of this Article 12 by it or its Representatives.

               (b)    Unless and until  this  Agreement  is  terminated,  Seller
shall maintain as confidential any Confidential  Information (including for this
purpose  any  information  of  Seller  of  the  type  referred  to  in  Sections
12.1(a)(i),  (ii) and (iii),  whether or not  disclosed  to Buyer) of the Seller
relating to any of the Assets or the Assumed  Liabilities.  Notwithstanding  the
preceding sentence, Seller may use any Confidential Information of

                                       65
<PAGE>

Seller before the Closing in the Ordinary  Course of Business in connection with
the transactions permitted by Section 5.2.

               (c)    From  and  after  the Closing, the provisions  of  Section
12.2(a)  above shall not apply to or  restrict in any manner  Buyer's use of any
Confidential  Information  of the  Seller  relating  to any of the Assets or the
Assumed Liabilities.

         12.3  Exceptions

         Sections 12.2(a) and (b) do not apply to that part  of the Confidential
Information of a Disclosing  Party that a Receiving Party  demonstrates (a) was,
is or becomes  generally  available  to the  public  other than as a result of a
breach of this  Article 12 or the  Confidentiality  Agreement  by the  Receiving
Party or its  Representatives;  (b) was or is developed by the  Receiving  Party
independently of and without  reference to any  Confidential  Information of the
Disclosing  Party; or (c) was, is or becomes available to the Receiving Party on
a  nonconfidential  basis  from a Third  Party  not  bound by a  confidentiality
agreement or any legal,  fiduciary or other obligation  restricting  disclosure.
Seller shall not disclose any Confidential Information of Seller relating to any
of the Assets or the  Assumed  Liabilities  in  reliance  on the  exceptions  in
clauses (b) or (c) above.

         12.4  Legal Proceedings

         If  a  Receiving  Party  becomes  compelled  in  any  Proceeding  or is
requested  by a  Governmental  Body  having  regulatory  jurisdiction  over  the
Contemplated Transactions to make any disclosure that is prohibited or otherwise
constrained  by  this  Article  12,  that  Receiving  Party  shall  provide  the
Disclosing Party with prompt notice of such compulsion or request so that it may
seek an  appropriate  protective  order or  other  appropriate  remedy  or waive
compliance  with  the  provisions  of  this  Article  12.  In the  absence  of a
protective order or other remedy,  the Receiving Party may disclose that portion
(and only that portion) of the Confidential  Information of the Disclosing Party
that, based upon advice of the Receiving Party's counsel, the Receiving Party is
legally  compelled to disclose or that has been  requested by such  Governmental
Body, provided,  however,  that the Receiving Party shall use reasonable efforts
to obtain reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded by any
Person to whom any Confidential  Information is so disclosed.  The provisions of
this  Section 12.4 do not apply to any  Proceedings  between the parties to this
Agreement.

         12.5  Return or Destruction of Confidential Information

         If this Agreement is terminated, each Receiving Party shall (a) destroy
all  Confidential  Information of the Disclosing  Party prepared or generated by
the Receiving Party without retaining a copy of any such material;  (b) promptly
deliver  to the  Disclosing  Party all  other  Confidential  Information  of the
Disclosing Party,  together with

                                       66
<PAGE>

all copies thereof, in the possession, custody or control of the Receiving Party
or,  alternatively,  with the  written  consent  of a Seller  Contact or a Buyer
Contact   (whichever   represents  the   Disclosing   Party)  destroy  all  such
Confidential Information; and (c) certify all such destruction in writing to the
Disclosing Party, provided,  however, that the Receiving Party may retain a list
that  contains  general  descriptions  of the  information  it has  returned  or
destroyed to facilitate the resolution of any controversies after the Disclosing
Party's Confidential Information is returned.

         12.6  Attorney-Client Privilege

         The Disclosing  Party is  not  waiving, and will not be deemed to  have
waived  or   diminished,   any  of  its  attorney   work  product   protections,
attorney-client  privileges or similar protections and privileges as a result of
disclosing its  Confidential  Information  (including  Confidential  Information
related to pending or threatened litigation) to the Receiving Party,  regardless
of whether  the  Disclosing  Party has  asserted,  or is or may be  entitled  to
assert,  such privileges and  protections.  The parties (a) share a common legal
and  commercial   interest  in  all  of  the  Disclosing  Party's   Confidential
Information that is subject to such privileges and  protections;  (b) are or may
become  joint  defendants  in  Proceedings  to  which  the  Disclosing   Party's
Confidential Information covered by such protections and privileges relates; (c)
intend that such  privileges and  protections  remain intact should either party
become  subject to any actual or threatened  Proceeding to which the  Disclosing
Party's  Confidential  Information  covered by such  protections  and privileges
relates;  and (d) intend that after the Closing the  Receiving  Party shall have
the right to assert such  protections and  privileges.  No Receiving Party shall
admit,  claim or contend,  in Proceedings  involving  either party or otherwise,
that any Disclosing Party waived any of its attorney  work-product  protections,
attorney-client privileges or similar protections and privileges with respect to
any information,  documents or other material not disclosed to a Receiving Party
due to the Disclosing Party disclosing its Confidential  Information  (including
Confidential  Information  related to pending or threatened  litigation)  to the
Receiving Party.

13.      General Provisions

         13.1  Expenses

         Except as otherwise provided in this  Agreement,  each  party  to  this
Agreement will bear its respective fees and expenses incurred in connection with
the  preparation,  negotiation,  execution and performance of this Agreement and
the   Contemplated   Transactions,   including  all  fees  and  expense  of  its
Representatives.  Seller  will pay all amounts  payable to the Title  Insurer in
respect of the Title  Commitments,  copies of  exceptions  and the Title Policy,
including  premiums  (including  premiums for  endorsements) and search fees. If
this Agreement is  terminated,  the obligation of each party to pay its own fees
and expenses  will be subject to any rights of such party  arising from a Breach
of this Agreement by another party.

                                       67
<PAGE>

         13.2  Public Announcements

         Any  public  announcement,  press  release  or  similar  publicity with
respect to this Agreement or the Contemplated Transactions will be issued, if at
all, at such time and in such manner as Seller determines. Except with the prior
consent  of  Seller  or as  permitted  by this  Agreement,  Buyer nor any of its
Representatives  shall disclose to any Person (a) the fact that any Confidential
Information of Seller has been disclosed to Buyer or its  Representatives,  that
Buyer or its  Representatives  have  inspected  any portion of the  Confidential
Information  of  Seller,  that any  Confidential  Information  of Buyer has been
disclosed   to  Seller  or  their   Representatives   or  that   Seller  or  its
Representatives  have inspected any portion of the  Confidential  Information of
Buyer or (b) any information about the Contemplated Transactions,  including the
status of such  discussions  or  negotiations,  the  execution of any  documents
(including this Agreement) or any of the terms of the Contemplated  Transactions
or the  related  documents  (including  this  Agreement).  Seller and Buyer will
consult  with  each  other  concerning  the means by which  Seller's  employees,
customers,  suppliers and others having dealings with Seller will be informed of
the Contemplated  Transactions,  and Buyer will have the right to be present for
any such communication.

         13.3  Notices

         All notices, Consents, waivers  and other  communications  required  or
permitted by this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be deemed given to a
party when (a)  delivered to the  appropriate  address by hand or by  nationally
recognized  overnight courier service (costs prepaid);  (b) sent by facsimile or
e-mail with confirmation of transmission by the transmitting  equipment;  or (c)
received or rejected by the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt
requested, in each case to the following addresses,  facsimile numbers or e-mail
addresses  and  marked  to the  attention  of the  person  (by  name  or  title)
designated below (or to such other address,  facsimile number, e-mail address or
person as a party may designate by notice to the other parties):

       Seller (before the Closing):  1000 Color Place
                                     Apopka, FL 32703
                                     Attention: Donnie Crandall, CEO
                                     Fax: (407) 598-4219

       with a mandatory copy to:     Florida Water Services Corporation
                                     1000 Color Place
                                     Apopka, FL 32703
                                     Attention: Carlyn Kowalsky, General Counsel
                                     Fax: (407) 598-4241
                                     E-mail: carlynk@florida-water.com

                                       68
<PAGE>
                                     Greenberg Traurig, P.A.
                                     777 South Flagler Drive, Suite 300 East
                                     West Palm Beach, Florida  33401
                                     Attention:  Phillip C. Gildan
                                     Fax: (561) 838-8867
                                     E-mail: gildanp@gtlaw.com

       Seller (after the Closing):   Philip R. Halverson
                                     VP/General Counsel
                                     30 West Superior Street
                                     Duluth, MN  55802
                                     Fax: (218) 723-3960
                                     E-mail: phalverson@allete.com

       Buyer:                        J. Lance Reese, Chairman
                                     Florida Water Services Authority
                                     E-mail: cacagms@aol.com

       with a mandatory copy to:     Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone, PLC
                                     Attention: Richard I. Lott
                                     Fax: (850) 469-1088
                                     E-mail: rilott@prodigy.net

         13.4  Agreements as to Attorneys. After full  disclosure  of  potential
conflicts of interest,  Seller and Buyer agree that,  in the event Buyer employs
after the Closing as its  attorney  (whether as inside or outside  counsel) or a
law  firm to act as its  attorney  or  attorneys  and any of the  foregoing  was
employed by Seller prior to the Closing ("Common  Attorneys"),  Seller and Buyer
do hereby  waive any  conflict of  interest  that might exist as a result of the
foregoing  and does  also  waive any  requirement  that  such  Common  Attorneys
maintain in confidence  information  which,  but for this  section,  such Common
Attorneys  would have to maintain in confidence as a result of their  employment
as attorneys by the Seller,  provided,  however, the foregoing waiver is only as
to Buyer and it does not apply to  information  which such Common  Attorneys may
have  relating to this  Agreement and the documents to be executed and delivered
at the Closing  (including the negotiating  thereof) and the consummation of the
Contemplated  Transactions.  Furthermore,  the  foregoing  waiver of conflict of
interest  does not  apply  to the  Common  Attorney  representing  the  Buyer in
connection  with a dispute under this Agreement or a document to be executed and
delivered at the Closing.  Common Attorneys will include without limitation,  if
employed as attorneys for Buyer after Closing, Carlyn Kowalsky,  Lewis, Longman,
& Walker,  P.A Mason and McGee, P.A., Brigham Moore, P.A., Farr, Farr & Emerich,
P.A., Lowndes,  Drosdick, Doster, Kantor & Reed, P.A., Rutledge, Ecenia, Purnell
& Hoffman, P.A., and Greenberg Traurig. For purposes of this section, a

                                       69
<PAGE>

person  acting  as an  attorney  within a law  firm  that  constitutes  a Common
Attorney is considered to be a Common Attorney in his individual  capacity.  The
Seller  agrees that the Buyer may employ the same  lobbying  services  currently
being  utilized by the Seller.  Seller  shall pay to Buyer at Closing the sum of
$200,000 which Buyer shall utilize for lobbying expenses.

         13.5  Jurisdiction; Service of Process

         Any Proceeding arising out of or  relating  to  this  Agreement  or any
Contemplated  Transaction  may be brought in the courts of the State of Florida,
County of Santa Rosa, or, if it has or can acquire  jurisdiction,  in the United
States  District  Court for the  Northern  District of Florida,  and each of the
parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of each such court in
any such Proceeding,  waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to venue
or to convenience of forum,  agrees that all claims in respect of the Proceeding
shall be heard and determined only in any such court and agrees not to bring any
Proceeding  arising  out of or relating to this  Agreement  or any  Contemplated
Transaction  in any other court.  The parties  agree that either or both of them
may file a copy of this  paragraph  with any court as  written  evidence  of the
knowing,  voluntary and bargained  agreement between the parties  irrevocably to
waive  any  objections  to venue or to  convenience  of  forum.  Process  in any
Proceeding  referred to in the first  sentence of this  section may be served on
any party anywhere in the world.

         13.6  Enforcement of Agreement

               (a)    Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, any
dispute among the parties  which arises from the Agreement  shall be resolved by
binding  arbitration  conducted  in  accordance  with this  Section  13.5.  (the
"Dispute  Resolution  Process") Either party may initiate the Dispute Resolution
Process by providing written notice to the other party.

               (b)    After  transmittal  and   receipt  of  a  written   notice
specifying the area or areas of  disagreement  or dispute,  the parties agree to
meet at  reasonable  times and places,  as mutually  agreed upon, to discuss the
issues.

               (c)    If discussions between the  parties  fail to  resolve  the
dispute  within  fifteen (15)  business days of the receipt by each party of the
notice  described in subsection (a) of this Section 13.5, a binding  arbitration
may then be initiated by either party by written notification to the other party
of the  existence  of a  dispute.  Any  and all  issues  related  to the  matter
addressed by the written  notice  provided in subsection  (a) of Section 13.5 or
any  response  by the other  party  shall be  raised  and  resolved  in a single
proceeding.

               (d)    The arbitrators shall be appointed and act as follows: (1)
Each party shall appoint a person as arbitrator within ten (10) business days of
the date one of the

                                       70
<PAGE>

parties  has  notified  the  other  of the  existence  of a  dispute;  (2)  Each
appointment  shall  be  signified  in  writing  to the  counter  party  and  the
arbitrators  so  appointed,   within  ten  (10)  days  of  their  acceptance  of
appointment, shall appoint a third arbitrator, who shall chair the panel. If the
arbitrators  appointed  by  the  parties  are  unable  to  agree  upon  a  third
arbitrator,  the same shall be appointed by the American Arbitration Association
from its qualified panel of arbitrators. Each party shall have the right to veto
up to two  appointments  proposed by the American  Arbitration  Association.  If
either party fails to appoint an  arbitrator  within ten (10) business days from
the date one of the  parties  has  notified  the  other  of the  existence  of a
dispute,  then an  arbitrator  shall be appointed  by the  American  Arbitration
Association  from its qualified  panel of arbitrators as the  appointment of the
party failing to timely  appoint and the two so appointed  shall appoint a third
arbitrator  to chair the  panel.  The party on whose  behalf  an  arbitrator  is
appointed shall have the right to veto up to two of the arbitrators appointed by
the  American  Arbitration  Association;  (3) Nothing in this Section 13.6 shall
preclude the parties from  mutually  agreeing to a single  arbitrator to resolve
the  dispute;  (4) No  arbitrator  shall  have a  business  or  other  pecuniary
relationship  with either  party,  except for payment of  arbitrator's  fees and
expenses without the written consent of both parties.

               (e)    Arbitrators shall be sworn to perform  their  duties  with
impartiality  and  fidelity.  In rendering any decision,  the  arbitrator  shall
proceed to consider the Agreement,  the dispute identified in the notice and any
response  and the actions  taken and the  documentation  thereof,  conduct,  and
relative position,  knowledge, and the ability of the parties in relation to the
dispute.

               (f)    The arbitration  hearing  shall  convene not  earlier than
sixty  (60) days and not  later  than  ninety  (90)  days of the  acceptance  of
appointment of all of the  arbitrators  chosen by the parties unless the parties
mutually  agree to an earlier  date.  The  arbitrators  shall  render a decision
within  ten (10)  business  days of the date on which  the  arbitration  hearing
concludes,  and  such  decisions  shall  be in  writing  and in  duplicate,  one
counterpart thereof to be delivered  simultaneously to each of the parties.  The
decision  shall  contain  findings of fact and  conclusions  of law and shall be
final and binding upon the parties.

               (g)    The parties shall be entitled to discovery pursuant to the
Florida Rules of Civil  Procedure.  All  discovery  requests by a party shall be
enforced by the arbitrators. The arbitration hearing shall not proceed until all
outstanding discovery requests have been fulfilled.

               (h)    The fees, charges  and  expenses  of the  arbitrators, any
experts  engaged  by the  arbitrators,  the  respective  counsel  engaged by the
parties,  and any witnesses called by the parties shall be paid as follows:  the
arbitrators  shall order each party to pay their own fees,  charges and expenses
and assess the fees, charges and expenses of the arbitrators equally between the
parties.

                                       71
<PAGE>

               (i)    The provisions of the  Florida Arbitration  Code,  Chapter
682,  Florida  Statutes,  and the Florida  Evidence  Code,  Chapter 90,  Florida
Statutes,  except  to the  extent  inconsistent  with  the  provisions  of  this
Agreement,  shall specifically be deemed to apply to any arbitration  proceeding
conducted  hereunder.  Unless the venue is mutually agreed upon otherwise by the
parties, the venue for any arbitration  commenced pursuant to this Section shall
be in Pensacola, Florida.

         13.7  Waiver; Remedies Cumulative

         The rights and remedies of the parties to this Agreement are cumulative
and  not  alternative.  Neither  any  failure  nor any  delay  by any  party  in
exercising  any right,  power or  privilege  under this  Agreement or any of the
documents  referred to in this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right,
power or privilege,  and no single or partial exercise of any such right,  power
or privilege will preclude any other or further exercise of such right, power or
privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. To the maximum
extent  permitted by  applicable  law, (a) no claim or right arising out of this
Agreement  or  any  of  the  documents  referred  to in  this  Agreement  can be
discharged by one party, in whole or in part, by a waiver or renunciation of the
claim or right unless in writing  signed by the other party;  (b) no waiver that
may be given by a party will be applicable  except in the specific  instance for
which it is given; and (c) no notice to or demand on one party will be deemed to
be a waiver of any  obligation of that party or of the right of the party giving
such  notice  or  demand  to take  further  action  without  notice or demand as
provided in this Agreement or the documents referred to in this Agreement.

         13.8  Entire Agreement and Modification

         This  Agreement  supersedes  all  prior  agreements, whether written or
oral,  between the parties with  respect to its subject  matter  (including  any
letter of intent and any confidentiality agreement between Buyer and Seller) and
constitutes  (along with the  Disclosure  Letter,  Exhibits and other  documents
delivered pursuant to this Agreement) a complete and exclusive  statement of the
terms of the agreement  between the parties with respect to its subject  matter.
This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified except by
a written agreement executed by the party to be charged with the amendment.

         13.9  Assignments, Successors and no Third-Party Rights

         No party  may  assign  any  of  its  rights  or  delegate  any  of  its
obligations  under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other
parties,  except that Buyer may collaterally  assign its rights hereunder to any
financial  institution  providing  financing in connection with the Contemplated
Transactions.  Subject to the preceding sentence,  this Agreement will apply to,
be binding in all respects upon and inure to the benefit of the  successors  and
permitted  assigns of the  parties.  Nothing  expressed  or  referred to in this
Agreement  will be  construed  to give any Person other than the parties to this
Agreement

                                       72
<PAGE>

any legal or  equitable  right,  remedy or claim  under or with  respect to this
Agreement or any provision of this Agreement,  except such rights as shall inure
to a successor or permitted assignee pursuant to this Section 13.8.

         13.10 Severability

         If any provision of this Agreement is held  invalid or unenforceable by
any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions of this Agreement will
remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this Agreement held invalid or
unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in full force and effect to the
extent not held invalid or unenforceable.

         13.11 Construction

         The headings of  Articles and  Sections in this  Agreement are provided
for convenience only and will not affect its construction or interpretation. All
references to "Articles," and "Sections" refer to the corresponding Articles and
Sections of this Agreement.

         13.12 Time of Essence

         With regard  to all dates  and time periods set forth or referred to in
this Agreement, time is of the essence.

         13.13 Governing Law

         This Agreement  will be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of  Florida  without  regard to  conflicts-of-laws  principles  that would
require the application of any other law.

         13.14 Execution of Agreement

         This Agreement  may be executed  in one or  more  counterparts, each of
which will be deemed to be an original copy of this  Agreement and all of which,
when taken  together,  will be deemed to constitute one and the same  agreement.
The exchange of copies of this  Agreement  and of  signature  pages by facsimile
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement
as to the  parties  and may be used in lieu of the  original  Agreement  for all
purposes.  Signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile shall be deemed to
be their original signatures for all purposes.

         13.14 Intentionally not used.

         13.15 RADON GAS.

               (a)    RADON IS NATURALLY OCCURRING RADIOACTIVE GAS THAT, WHEN IT
HAS ACCUMULATED IN A BUILDING IN SUFFICIENT

                                       73
<PAGE>

QUANTITIES, MAY PRESENT HEALTH RISKS TO PERSONS WHO ARE EXPOSED TO IT OVER TIME.
LEVELS OF RADON THAT  EXCEED  FEDERAL  AND STATE  GUIDELINES  HAVE BEEN FOUND IN
BUILDINGS IN FLORIDA.  ADDITIONAL  INFORMATION  REGARDING  RADON  TESTING MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM THE COUNTY PUBLIC HEALTH UNIT.

         13.16 Limited Liability.

         Neither  the  State  of  Florida   nor  any  political  subdivision  or
municipality  thereof,  nor the Buyer, shall be obligated (1) to exercise its ad
valorem  taxing  power  or any  other  taxing  power  in any form on any real or
personal  property to pay any  liability  arising  out of, or in any  connection
whatsoever  with,  this  Agreement,  or to pay the principal of the  Acquisition
Bonds,  the interest  thereon or other costs incident  thereto or (2) to pay the
same from any other funds,  except from the Net  Revenues  realized by the Buyer
from its ownership or operation of the System or from the Acquisition  Bonds Net
Proceeds,  junior  and  subordinate  to  the  payment  of  any  Bonds  or  other
indebtedness  payable from such source.  It is further  agreed between the Buyer
and the Seller that this  Agreement  and any  obligations  arising in connection
therewith,  whether  for  payment  of the  Purchase  Price,  or for any claim of
liability,  remedy for breach, or otherwise,  shall not constitute a lien on the
System or any other property of the Authority, or any municipality.

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary  contained herein  or  in  any
other instrument or document executed by or on behalf of the Buyer in connection
herewith, no stipulation,  covenant, agreement or obligation contained herein or
therein shall be deemed or construed to be a stipulation,  covenant,  agreement,
or obligation of any present or future member, officer, employee or agent of the
Buyer, or of any incorporator,  member, director,  trustee, officer, employee or
agent of any successor to the Buyer, in any such person's  individual  capacity,
and no such person, in his individual  capacity,  shall be liable personally for
any breach or non-observance of or for any failure to perform, fulfill or comply
with any such stipulations,  covenants, agreements or obligations, nor shall any
recourse  be had for the  payment  of the  principal  of,  premium,  if any,  or
interest on any of the Bonds or the Purchase Price or for any claim based hereon
or thereon  or on any such  stipulation,  covenant,  agreement,  or  obligation,
against any such person, in his individual capacity,  either directly or through
the  Buyer or any  successor  to the  Buyer,  under  any rule of law or  equity,
statute or  constitution  or by the  enforcement of any assessment or penalty or
otherwise,  and  all  such  liability  of any  such  person,  in his  individual
capacity,  is hereby expressly waived and released.  All references to the Buyer
in this paragraph shall be deemed to include the Buyer, the City of Gulf Breeze,
the  City  of  Milton,  their  respective  Mayors,  Council  Members,  officers,
employees, and agents.

         The Buyer shall  not be  obligated  to  pay  any  liability,  claim  or
obligation arising from or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated  thereby, or

                                       74
<PAGE>

the  Purchase  Price from any funds of the Buyer  derived  from any source other
than the Pledged Revenues,  (as it shall be defined in the Indenture pursuant to
which the Bonds are issued)  which right of payment from the Buyer to the Seller
shall be junior and  subordinate  to the  payment  of the Bonds  secured by such
Pledged Revenues. The Seller hereby agrees to indemnify and defend the Buyer and
hold the Buyer  harmless  against  any and all  claims,  losses  liabilities  or
damages in any way growing out of or resulting from challenges to this Agreement
or objections to the Buyer  completing the  Contemplated  Transactions  prior to
closing,  including,  without  limitation,  all costs and expenses of the Buyer,
including  reasonable  attorney's  fees,  incurred  in  the  performance  of any
activities of the Buyer in connection with the foregoing.  All references to the
Buyer in this paragraph  shall be deemed to include the Buyer,  the City of Gulf
Breeze, the City of Milton, their respective Mayors, Council Members,  officers,
employees, and agents.

         Nothing  herein shall be deemed to authorize, create or impose upon the
City of Gulf Breeze or the City of Milton any  obligation,  duty,  liability  or
responsibility  for the  taking of or  refraining  from any  action,  or for the
payment of any sums for any reason  whatsoever.  The Seller hereby  acknowledges
that the City of Gulf  Breeze  and the City of Milton  shall  have no  liability
whatsoever on account of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby,
including,  without limitation,  any claims or liabilities arising on account of
any breach,  misrepresentation  or other action or failure to act on the part of
the Buyer. The Seller hereby covenants and agrees that it will never seek remedy
or recourse  against,  or seek to impose any  liability  upon,  the City of Gulf
Breeze or City of Milton,  for any liability or claim arising in connection with
or relating to this Agreement or the transactions  contemplated thereby, whether
against the Buyer, the Cities of Gulf Breeze or Milton  directly,  or otherwise,
under any rule of law or equity,  statute or  constitution or by the enforcement
of any  provision  of this  Agreement,  or by way of  assessment  or  penalty or
otherwise; and all such liability, if any, of the City of Milton and the City of
Gulf Breeze is hereby expressly waived and released.

         If, prior to closing, the Seller shall  determine that, because  of its
indemnity  obligations  contained in the penultimate  paragraph hereto, it is no
longer  economically  feasible  to  proceed  to the  Closing  or to  pursue  the
transaction  contemplated hereby, Seller may elect to give written notice to the
Buyer that it no longer wishes to complete the  Contemplated  Transaction.  Upon
receipt of such notice, Buyer may elect to proceed with the Closing without such
indemnity  under the  penultimate  paragraph  (in which case the Seller shall be
excused from any further indemnity  obligation under said indemnity but not from
obligations  accrued  therefrom prior thereto),  or to terminate its obligations
hereunder  (in which case the  Seller  shall  remain  liable for and pay the Due
Diligence Expense).

         The provisions of this Section shall survive  the  termination  of this
Agreement.

                                       75
<PAGE>

         13.17 Obligations Subordinate.

         All  obligations of   the  Buyer  hereunder  or arising  in  connection
therewith (the "Utility  Acquisition  Liabilities" or "UA Liabilities") shall be
limited  and  special  obligations  of the Buyer,  payable  solely  from the Net
Revenues,  junior and subordinate to the outstanding Bonds of the Authority. The
UA  Liabilities  shall not be or constitute a general  indebtedness,  liability,
general or moral obligation, or a pledge of the faith, credit or taxing power of
the Buyer,  the State of Florida,  or any  political  subdivision  or  municipal
corporation  thereof,  within the  meaning of any  constitutional  or  statutory
provision  or  limitation.  Neither  the  State  of  Florida  nor any  political
subdivision or municipal  corporation  thereof, nor the Buyer shall be obligated
(1) to levy ad valorem taxes on any property to pay the UA  Liabilities or other
costs incident thereto or (2) to pay the same from any other funds of the Buyer,
except from the Net Revenues, junior and subordinate to the outstanding Bonds of
the Buyer.  It is further  agreed  between  the Buyer and the Seller that the UA
Liabilities  shall not constitute a lien upon the System or  facilities,  or any
part thereof, or on any other property of the Buyer.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this  Agreement as of the
date first written above.

         Buyer:                            Florida Water Services Authority
                                       -----------------------------------------


                                       By:   /s/ J. Lance Reese
                                           -------------------------------------

                                       Its:  Chairman
                                           -------------------------------------


        Seller:                           Florida Water Services Corporation
                                       -----------------------------------------


                                       By:   /s/ Donnie R. Crandell
                                           -------------------------------------

                                       Its:  President
                                           -------------------------------------




                                       76

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
