-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SlbSgQnStot8fv8e8OR79YkPZDOOrxMop3j1BzH56pL9s0lPhZLibFbJTFXoqeY3
 5huDYhDstb7knp8UBy47hA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000066756-96-000052.txt : 19960805
<SEC-HEADER>0000066756-96-000052.hdr.sgml : 19960805
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000066756-96-000052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19960724
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		19960802
SROS:			AMEX
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				410418150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03548
		FILM NUMBER:		96603335

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR ST
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2187222641

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR STREET
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                              Washington, DC 20549





                                    FORM 8-K

                                 Current Report





     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934





        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) - July 24, 1996




                         Minnesota Power & Light Company

                             A Minnesota Corporation
                           Commission File No. 1-3548
                   IRS Employer Identification No. 41-0418150
                             30 West Superior Street
                             Duluth, Minnesota 55802
                           Telephone - (218) 722-2641

<PAGE>

Item 5.  Other Events.

         On July 24, 1996,  the Board of  Directors  of Minnesota  Power & Light
Company (the "Company")  declared a dividend  distribution of one Right for each
outstanding  share of common stock,  without par value (the "Common Stock"),  of
the Company to  shareholders of record at the close of business on July 24, 1996
(the  "Record  Date") and  authorized  the issuance of one Right with respect to
each share of Common Stock that becomes  outstanding between the Record Date and
July 23,  2006 or such  earlier  time as the  Rights  are  redeemed.  Except  as
described below, each Right, when exercisable, entitles the registered holder to
purchase  from  the  Company  one  one-hundredth  of a share  of  Junior  Serial
Preferred Stock A, without par value (the "Preferred  Stock"), at a price of $90
per one one-hundredth share (the "Purchase Price"),  subject to adjustment.  The
terms of the  Rights are set forth in a Rights  Agreement  (the  "Rights  Plan")
between  the Company  and the  Secretary  of the  Company,  currently  Philip R.
Halverson,  as Rights  Agent,  included as an exhibit to this Current  Report on
Form 8-K. The  description  of the Rights set forth below does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Plan.

         Initially,  the Rights  will  attach to all Common  Stock  certificates
representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Right Certificates will be
distributed.  The Rights  will be  evidenced  by the Common  Stock  certificates
together  with  a copy  of the  Summary  of  Rights  Plan  and  not by  separate
certificates  until  the  earlier  to  occur of (i) 10 days  following  a public
announcement  that a person or group of  affiliated  or  associated  persons (an
"Acquiring Person") has acquired,  or obtained the right to acquire,  beneficial
ownership of 15% or more of the  outstanding  shares of Common Stock (the "Stock
Acquisition  Date")  or (ii) 15  business  days  (or such  later  date as may be
determined  by action of the Board of  Directors  of the Company  (the "Board of
Directors")  prior to the time that any  person  becomes  an  Acquiring  Person)
following the commencement of (or a public announcement of an intention to make)
a tender or exchange offer if, upon consummation  thereof,  such person or group
would be the  beneficial  owner  of 15% or more of such  outstanding  shares  of
Common Stock (the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date").

         Until the  Distribution  Date, the Rights will be transferred  with and
only with the Common Stock. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier  redemption,
expiration or termination of the Rights),  the transfer of any  certificates for
Common  Stock,  with or without a copy of the Summary of Rights Plan,  will also
constitute  the  transfer  of  the  Rights  associated  with  the  Common  Stock
represented  by  such  certificates.   As  soon  as  practicable  following  the
Distribution  Date,   separate   certificates   evidencing  the  Rights  ("Right
Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Stock as of the
close of business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter,  such separate Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

         Each whole share of  Preferred  Stock will have a minimum  preferential
quarterly  dividend rate equal to the greater of $51 per share or, subject to
anti-dilution  adjustment,  100 times the dividend declared on the Common Stock.
In the event of  liquidation,  no  distribution  will be made to the  holders of
Common Stock unless,  prior  thereto,  the holders of the  Preferred  Stock have
received a  liquidation  preference  of $100 per share,  plus accrued and unpaid
dividends.  Holders of the Preferred  Stock will be entitled to notice of and to
vote at any  meeting  of the Company's  shareholders.  Each  whole  share of
Preferred  Stock is  entitled to one vote.  Such  shares do not have  cumulative
voting rights.  The Preferred  Stock,  together with the issued and  outstanding
shares of the other  preferred  stocks of the Company,  will be  expressly
entitled,  as one class,  to elect a majority of  directors  (the  Common  Stock
electing the minority)  whenever  dividends on any of the preferred stocks shall
be in default in the amount of four quarterly  payments and thereafter until all
such  dividends  in  default  shall have been  paid. In the event of any merger,
consolidation, or other transaction in which shares of Common Stock are 
exchanged for or converted into other securities  and/or  property,  each 
whole share of Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, subject to 
anti-dilution  adjustment,  100 times the amount into which or for which each 
share of Common Stock is so exchanged or converted. The shares of Preferred 
Stock are not redeemable by the Company.

                                     - 1 -

<PAGE>

         The Rights are not  exercisable  until the  Distribution  Date and will
expire at the earliest of (i) July 23, 2006 (the "Final Expiration Date"),  (ii)
the  redemption of the Rights by the Company as described  below,  and (iii) the
exchange of all Rights for Common Stock as described below.

         In the event that any person (other than the Company, its affiliates or
any person  receiving  newly-issued  shares of Common  Stock  directly  from the
Company)  becomes the  beneficial  owner of 15% or more of the then  outstanding
shares of Common Stock,  each holder of a Right will  thereafter have a right to
receive,  upon exercise at the then current exercise price of the Right,  Common
Stock (or, in certain  circumstances,  cash, property or other securities of the
Company) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right.  The
Rights  Plan  contains an  exemption  for any  issuance  of Common  Stock by the
Company  directly  to any person  (for  example,  in a private  placement  or an
acquisition by the Company in which Common Stock is used as consideration), even
if that person  would become the  beneficial  owner of 15% or more of the Common
Stock,  provided  that such person does not  acquire  any  additional  shares of
Common Stock.

         In the event that, at any time  following the Stock  Acquisition  Date,
the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or
50% or more of the Company's assets or earning power are sold,  proper provision
will be made so that each  holder of a Right will  thereafter  have the right to
receive,  upon exercise at the then current exercise price of the Right,  common
stock of the  acquiring or surviving  company  having a value equal to two times
the exercise price of the Right.

         Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  following the occurrence of any of the
events set forth in the preceding two paragraphs (the "Triggering Events"),  any
Rights that are, or (under certain  circumstances  specified in the Rights Plan)
were,  beneficially  owned by any Acquiring Person will immediately  become null
and void.

         The Purchase Price payable, and the number of shares of Preferred Stock
or other  securities  or property  issuable,  upon  exercise of the Rights,  are
subject  to  adjustment  from  time to time to  prevent  dilution,  among  other
circumstances,  in the event of a stock  dividend on, or a  subdivision,  split,
combination,  consolidation or  reclassification  of, the Preferred Stock or the
Common Stock, or a reverse split of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or
the Common Stock.

         At any time after the acquisition by a person or group of affiliated or
associated  persons of  beneficial  ownership of 15% or more of the  outstanding
Common Stock and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more
of the outstanding  Common Stock, the Board of Directors may exchange the Rights
(other than Rights owned by such person or group,  which have become  void),  in
whole or in part,  at an exchange  ratio of one share of Common  Stock per Right
(subject to adjustment).

         With certain  exceptions,  no adjustment in the Purchase  Price will be
required until  cumulative  adjustments  require an adjustment of at least 1% in
the Purchase Price. The Company will not be required to issue fractional  shares
of Preferred  Stock or Common  Stock  (other than  fractions in multiples of one
one-hundredths  of a  share  of  Preferred  Stock)  and,  in  lieu  thereof,  an
adjustment in cash may be made based on the market price of the Preferred  Stock
or Common Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise.

         At any time  after the date of the  Rights  Plan  until the time that a
person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may redeem the Rights
in  whole,  but not in  part,  at a price  of $.01 per  Right  (the  "Redemption
Price"),  which may (at the option of the  Company)  be paid in cash,  shares of
Common  Stock  or  other  consideration  deemed  appropriate  by  the  Board  of
Directors.  Upon the  effectiveness  of any  action  of the  Board of  Directors
ordering  redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right
of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.

                                     - 2 -

<PAGE>

         Issuance of Preferred Stock or Common Stock upon exercise of the Rights
will be  subject  to any  necessary  regulatory  approvals.  Until  a  Right  is
exercised,  the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of
the  Company,  including,  without  limitation,  the right to vote or to receive
dividends.

         The provisions of the Rights Plan may be amended by the Company, except
that any  amendment  adopted  after the time that a person  becomes an Acquiring
Person may not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights.

         As of July 24,  1996,  there  were  31,935,547  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding.  Each share of Common Stock  outstanding on and after July 24, 1996
will receive one Right.  One million shares of Preferred  Stock will be reserved
for issuance in the event of exercise of the Rights.

         The Rights have certain  anti-takeover  effects.  The Rights will cause
substantial  dilution to a person or group that  attempts to acquire the Company
without  conditioning  the offer on the Rights being  redeemed or a  substantial
number of Rights being  acquired,  and under  certain  circumstances  the Rights
beneficially  owned by such a person or group may become void. The Rights should
not  interfere  with any merger or other  business  combination  approved by the
Board of Directors  because,  if the Rights would become exercisable as a result
of such  merger or  business  combination,  the Board of  Directors  may, at its
option,  at any time  prior to the time that any  Person  becomes  an  Acquiring
Person, redeem all (but not less than all) of the then outstanding Rights at the
Redemption Price.



Item 7.  Financial Statements and Exhibits

           Financial Statements

                None

           Exhibits

                4      - Rights  Agreement  dated as of July 24, 1996  between
                         Minnesota  Power &  Light  Company  and  the  Corporate
                         Secretary of Minnesota Power & Light Company, as Rights
                         Agent

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>


                                   Signatures


Pursuant  to the  requirements  of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of  1934,  the
registrant  has duly  caused  this  report  to be  signed  on its  behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.





                                              Minnesota Power & Light Company
                                           -------------------------------------
                                                      (Registrant)





August 2, 1996                                        Mark A. Schober
                                           -------------------------------------
                                                      Mark A. Schober
                                                    Corporate Controller

                                     - 4 -


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                       Exhibit 4
<PAGE>
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                                     between

                         MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

                                       and

                           THE CORPORATE SECRETARY OF
                         MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

                                  Rights Agent

                            Dated as of July 24, 1996


- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                           Page


Section 1.        Certain Definitions.......................................  1

Section 2.        Appointment of Rights Agent...............................  6

Section 3.        Issue of Right Certificates...............................  7

Section 4.        Form of Right Certificates................................ 10

Section 5.        Countersignature and Registration......................... 11

Section 6.        Transfer,  Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Right  
                  Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right
                  Certificates.............................................. 12

Section 7.        Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration 
                  Date of Rights............................................ 14

Section 8.        Cancellation and Destruction of Right Certificates........ 18

Section 9.        Availability of Preferred Stock........................... 18

Section 10.       Preferred Stock Record Date............................... 19

Section 11.       Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or
                  Number of Rights.......................................... 20

Section 12.       Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of 
                  Shares.................................................... 33

Section 13.       Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or 
                  Earning Power............................................. 33

Section 14.       Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares................... 37

Section 15.       Rights of Action.......................................... 39

Section 16.       Agreement of Right Holders................................ 40

Section 17.       Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder......... 41

Section 18.       Concerning the Rights Agent............................... 41

Section 19.       Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent. 42

                                       i

<PAGE>
Section 20.       Duties of Rights Agent.................................... 43

Section 21.       Change of Rights Agent.................................... 47

Section 22.       Issuance of New Right Certificates........................ 49
 
Section 23.       Redemption................................................ 49

Section 24.       Exchange.................................................. 51

Section 25.       Notice of Certain Events.................................. 53

Section 26.       Notices................................................... 55

Section 27.       Supplements and Amendments................................ 55

Section 28.       Successors................................................ 56

Section 29.       Benefits of this Agreement................................ 56

Section 30.       Severability.............................................. 56

Section 31.       Governing Law............................................. 57

Section 32.       Counterparts.............................................. 57

Section 33.       Descriptive Headings...................................... 57

Section 34.       Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors...... 57


Exhibit A       -   Form of Certificate of Resolution Fixing Terms of
                    Junior Serial Preferred Stock A

Exhibit B       -   Form of Right Certificate

Exhibit C       -   Summary of Rights Plan

                                       ii

<PAGE>

                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT

         Rights Agreement  (hereinafter "this Agreement"),  dated as of July 24,
1996,  between  MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY,  a Minnesota  corporation  (the
"Company"), and the Corporate Secretary of the Company (the "Rights Agent").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS,  the Board of  Directors  of the  Company has  authorized  and
declared a dividend of one preferred  share  purchase right (a "Right") for each
share of Common Stock (as hereinafter  defined) of the Company outstanding as of
the  close of  business  on July 24,  1996,  (the  "Record  Date"),  each  Right
representing  the right to purchase  one  one-hundredth  of a share of Preferred
Stock (as  hereinafter  defined),  upon the terms and subject to the  conditions
herein set forth,  and has further  authorized  and directed the issuance of one
Right with respect to each share of Common  Stock that shall become  outstanding
between the Record Date and the Expiration  Date (as such terms are  hereinafter
defined).
         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  premises  and  the  mutual
agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         Section 1. Certain  Definitions.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  the
following terms have the meanings indicated:

                  "Acquiring  Person"  shall  mean any  Person  (as such term is
hereinafter  defined) who or which,  together with all Affiliates and Associates
(as such terms are hereinafter  defined) of such Person, shall be the Beneficial
Owner (as such term is  hereinafter  defined) of 15% or more of the Common Stock
of the  Company  then  outstanding,  but  shall not  include  the  Company,  any
Affiliate  of the Company, any  employee  benefit plan of the Company or of any

<PAGE>
Affiliate of the Company,  or any person or entity  holding  Common Stock for or
pursuant to the terms of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person
shall become an "Acquiring Person" as the result of (a) an acquisition of Common
Stock by the  Company  which,  by  reducing  the  number of shares  outstanding,
increases the proportionate  number of shares  beneficially owned by such Person
to 15% or more of the Common  Stock of the Company then  outstanding  or (b) the
acquisition  by such  Person of  newly-issued  Common  Stock  directly  from the
Company  (it being  understood  that a  purchase  from an  underwriter  or other
intermediary  is not directly from the Company);  provided,  however,  that if a
person shall become the  Beneficial  Owner of 15% or more of the Common Stock of
the Company then  outstanding by reason of share purchases by the Company or the
receipt of newly-issued  Common Stock directly from the Company and shall, after
such share  purchases or direct  issuance by the Company,  become the Beneficial
Owner of any additional Common Stock of the Company,  then such Person shall
be deemed to be an  "Acquiring  Person";  provided  further,  however,  that any
transferee  from such Person who becomes the Beneficial  Owner of 15% or more of
the Common Stock of the Company then outstanding shall nevertheless be deemed to
be an  "Acquiring  Person."  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if the  Board  of
Directors  of the  Company  determines  in good  faith  that a Person  who would
otherwise  be an  "Acquiring  Person,"  as  defined  pursuant  to the  foregoing
provisions of this  paragraph,  has become such  inadvertently,  and such Person
divests as promptly as  practicable  (and in any event within ten business  days
after notification by the Company) a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock
so that such Person would no longer be an Acquiring  Person, as defined pursuant
to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, then

                                       2
<PAGE>
such Person shall not be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person" for any purposes of 
this Agreement.
                  "Affiliate"  and  "Associate"  shall the  respective  meanings
ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations  under
the Exchange Act, as in effect on the date of this Agreement.
                  A Person shall be deemed the  "Beneficial  Owner" of and shall
be deemed to "beneficially own" any securities:
                           (a)  which such Person or any of such Person's 
         Affiliates   or  Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly;
                           (b)  which  such  Person  or  any  of  such  Person's
         Affiliates or Associates,  directly or indirectly, has (A) the right to
         acquire  (whether such right is  exercisable  immediately or only after
         the  passage  of  time)  pursuant  to  any  agreement,  arrangement  or
         understanding, whether written or oral (other than customary agreements
         with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to
         a bona fide public  offering of  securities),  or upon the  exercise of
         conversion rights,  exchange rights,  rights (other than these Rights),
         warrants or options,  or otherwise;  provided,  however,  that a Person
         shall not be deemed the Beneficial  Owner of, or to  beneficially  own,
         securities  tendered  pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or
         on  behalf  of  such  Person  or any of  such  Person's  Affiliates  or
         Associates until such tendered  securities are accepted for purchase or
         exchange;  (B) the sole or shared  right to vote or dispose  (including
         any such right pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding,
         whether written or oral); provided, however, that a Person shall not be
         deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or

                                       3
<PAGE>
         to  beneficially  own, any security if the  agreement,  arrangement  or
         understanding  to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable
         proxy or consent  given to such Person in response to a public proxy or
         consent  solicitation  made  pursuant to, and in accordance  with,  the
         applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and
         (2) is not also then  reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act
         (or any comparable or successor report); or (C) "beneficial  ownership"
         (as  determined  pursuant to Rule 13d-3 (or any successor  rule) of the
         General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act); or
                           (c)  which  are  beneficially   owned,   directly  or
         indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof)
         with which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates
         has any agreement,  arrangement or  understanding,  whether  written or
         oral (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and
         selling  group  members with respect to a bona fide public  offering of
         securities)  for the purpose of acquiring,  holding,  voting (except to
         the extent contemplated by the provision to clause (B) of  subparagraph
         (b) of this definition) or disposing of any securities of the Company.
                  Notwithstanding  anything  in this  definition  of  Beneficial
Ownership  to the  contrary,  the  phrase  "then  outstanding,"  when  used with
reference to a Person's Beneficial Ownership of securities of the Company, shall
mean the number of such securities then issued and outstanding together with the
number of such securities not then actually  issued and  outstanding  which such
Person would be deemed to own beneficially hereunder.

                                       4
<PAGE>
                  "Business  Day" shall mean any day other  than a  Saturday,  a
Sunday,  or a day on which banking  institutions  in Minnesota are authorized or
obligated by law or executive order to close.
                  "Close of  business"  on any given  date shall mean 5:00 P.M.,
Duluth, Minnesota,  time, on such date; provided,  however, that if such date is
not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., Duluth, time, on the next succeeding
Business Day.
                  "Common  Stock" when used with  reference to the Company shall
mean the shares of common  stock,  without par value,  of the  Company.  "Common
Stock" when used with  reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean
the capital stock (or equity  interest)  with the greatest  voting power of such
other Person or the equity  securities or other equity  interest having power to
control or direct the management of such other Person.

                  "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 3 hereof.
                  "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.
                  "Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7 hereof.
                  "Final Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 7 hereof.
                  "Person" shall mean any  individual,  firm,  corporation  or 
other entity,  and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such 
entity.
                  "Preferred  Stock" shall mean shares of Serial Preferred Stock
A, without par value, of the Company,  designated "Junior Serial Preferred Stock
A" and having the rights and preferences set forth in the Form of Certificate of
Resolution  Fixing  Terms of Junior  Serial  Preferred  Stock A attached to this
Agreement as Exhibit A.
                  "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
4 hereof.

                                       5
<PAGE>
                  "Redemption Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7 hereof.
                  "Right Certificate" shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 3 hereof.
                  "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.
                  "Stock  Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of public 
announcement  (which, for purposes of this definition,  shall include,  without
limitation, a report filed pursuant to  Section  13(d)  promulgated  under the 
Exchange  Act) by the  Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person
has become such.
                  "Subsidiary"  shall mean,  with  reference to any Person,  any
corporation  or other  entity of which a  majority  of the  voting  power of the
voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by
such Person.
                  "Triggering Event" shall mean any event described in Section 
11(a)(ii) or Section 13(a) hereof.
         Any determination or interpretation  required in connection with any of
the definitions  contained in this Section 1 shall be made by the Board of  
Directors  of the Company in their good faith  judgment, which  determination 
shall be final and binding on the Rights Agent.
         Section 2. Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the
Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company and the holders of the Rights (who,
in accordance with Section 3 hereof,  shall prior to the Distribution  Date also
be the holders of the Common Stock) in accordance  with the terms and conditions
hereof,  and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such  appointment.  The Company may
from time to time  appoint  such  co-Rights  Agents as it may deem  necessary or
desirable.

                                       6
<PAGE>
         Section 3. Issue of Right Certificates.
                  (a) Until the  earlier  of (i) the  close of  business  on the
tenth day after the Stock  Acquisition Date or (ii) the close of business on the
fifteenth business day (or such later date as may be determined by action of the
Board of Directors prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person)
after the date of the  commencement  by any Person (other than the Company,  any
Affiliate  of the Company,  any  employee  benefit plan of the Company or of any
Affiliate of the Company or any entity  holding  Common Stock for or pursuant to
the  terms of any such  plan) of, or of the  first  public  announcement  of the
intention of any Person  (other than the Company,  any Affiliate of the Company,
any employee  benefit plan of the Company or of any  Affiliate of the Company or
any entity  holding  Common Stock for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan)
to commence,  a tender or exchange offer the  consummation of which would result
in any Person becoming the Beneficial  Owner of Common Stock  aggregating 15% or
more of the then  outstanding  Common  Stock  (including  any such date which is
after the date of this  Agreement  and prior to the issuance of the Rights;  the
earlier of such dates being herein referred to as the "Distribution  Date"), (x)
the Rights will be evidenced  (subject to the provisions of Section 3(b) hereof)
by the  certificates  for Common  Stock  registered  in the names of the holders
thereof (which  certificates shall also be deemed to be certificates for Rights)
and not by separate  certificates,  and (y) the Rights will be transferable only
in  connection  with the transfer of the  underlying  Common Stock  (including a
transfer to the Company).  As soon as practicable  after the Distribution  Date,
the Company will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will countersign, and the
Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will,  if requested,
send) by first-class,  insured,  postage-prepaid  mail, to each record holder of
Common  Stock as of the  

                                       7
<PAGE>
close of business on the Distribution  Date, at the address of such holder shown
on the records of the Company, a Right Certificate, in substantially the form of
Exhibit B hereto (a "Right Certificate"), evidencing one Right for each share of
Common Stock so held. As of the Distribution  Date, the Rights will be evidenced
solely by such Right Certificates.
                  (b) On the Record Date, or as soon as practicable  thereafter,
the Company will send a copy of a Summary of Rights Plan, in  substantially  the
form of  Exhibit C hereto  (the  "Summary  of  Rights  Plan"),  by first  class,
postage-prepaid  mail,  to each record holder of Common Stock as of the close of
business on the Record Date (other than any Acquiring Person or any Associate or
Affiliate of any Acquiring  Person),  at the address of such holder shown on the
records  of  the  Company.   With  respect  to  certificates  for  Common  Stock
outstanding as of the Record Date, until the Distribution  Date, the Rights will
be evidenced by such certificates registered in the names of the holders thereof
together with the Summary of Rights Plan, and registered holders of Common Stock
shall  also be the  registered  holders  of the  associated  Rights.  Until  the
Distribution  Date (or the Expiration Date), the transfer of any certificate for
Common  Stock  outstanding  on the  Record  Date,  with or without a copy of the
Summary  of Rights  Plan,  shall  also  constitute  the  transfer  of the Rights
associated with the Common Stock represented thereby.
                  (c) Rights  shall be issued in respect of all shares of Common
Stock  which  are  issued  (whether  originally  issued  or  delivered  from the
Company's  treasury)  after  the  Record  Date but prior to the  earlier  of the
Distribution Date or the Expiration Date. Certificates  representing such Common
Stock  shall  also  be  deemed  to  be  certificates  for  Rights.  Certificates
representing  both Common  Stock and Rights in  accordance  with this  Section 3
which are 

                                       8
<PAGE>
executed  and  delivered  (whether  the Common  Stock  represented  thereby  are
originally  issued,  delivered from the Company's  treasury or are presented for
transfer)  by  the  Company   (including,   without   limitation,   certificates
representing  reacquired  Common Stock  referred to in the last sentence of this
paragraph  (c))  after  the  Record  Date  but  prior  to  the  earlier  of  the
Distribution  Date or the  Expiration  Date shall have impressed on, printed on,
written on or otherwise affixed to them a legend substantially equivalent to the
following:
         This  certificate  also  evidences  and entitles  the holder  hereof to
         certain rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement  between  Minnesota
         Power & Light Company (the "Company") and the Secretary of the Company,
         dated as of July 24, 1996 (the "Rights Agreement"),  the terms of 
         which are hereby  incorporated  herein by reference and a copy of which
         is on file at the principal offices  of the  Company.  Under  certain
         circumstances,  as set forth in the Rights Agreement,  such Rights will
         be evidenced by separate  certificates  and will no longer be evidenced
         by this  certificate.  The  Company  will  mail to the  holder  of this
         certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date of
         mailing,  without charge  promptly  after receipt of a written  request
         therefor.   Under  certain   circumstances  set  forth  in  the  Rights
         Agreement,  Rights  issued  to, or held by,  any  Person who is, was or
         becomes an Acquiring  Person or an  Affiliate or Associate  thereof (as
         such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), whether currently held
         by or on  behalf  of such  Person or by any  subsequent  holder,  shall
         become null and void.
Until the Distribution  Date, the Rights  associated with the Common Stock shall
be evidenced by the certificates representing the associated Common Stock alone,
and the transfer of any such  certificate  shall also constitute the transfer of
the Rights  associated with the Common Stock represented  thereby.  In the event
that the Company  purchases  or acquires  any Common Stock after the Record Date
but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such Common Stock
shall be deemed  cancelled and retired so that the Company shall not be entitled
to  exercise  any Rights  associated  with the Common  Stock which are no longer
outstanding.

                                       9
<PAGE>
         Section 4.  Form of Right Certificates.
                  (a) The  Right  Certificates  (and the  forms of  election  to
purchase Preferred Stock and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof)
shall  each be  substantially  in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto and may
have such marks of identification or designation and such legends,  summaries or
endorsements  printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not
inconsistent  with the  provisions of this  Agreement,  or as may be required to
comply with any  applicable  law or with any rule or  regulation  made  pursuant
thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock exchange on which the Rights
may  from  time to time be  listed,  or to  conform  to  usage.  Subject  to the
provisions  of Section 11 and Section 22 hereof,  the Right  Certificates  shall
entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one  one-hundredths  of a
share of  Preferred  Stock as shall be set  forth  therein  at the price per one
one-hundredth  of a share of Preferred  Stock set forth  therein (the  "Purchase
Price"), but the amount and type of securities  purchasable upon the exercise of
each Right and the Purchase  Price  thereof  shall be subject to  adjustment  as
provided herein.
                  (b) Any Right  Certificate  issued pursuant to Section 3(a) or
Section 22 hereof that represents Rights beneficially owned by: (i) an Acquiring
Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring  Person,  (ii) a transferee
of an Acquiring Person (or such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee
after the Acquiring Person becomes an Acquiring Person, or (iii) a transferee of
an Acquiring  Person (or such  Associate or Affiliate)  who becomes a transferee
prior to or  concurrently with the Acquiring  Person  becoming  such and 
receives such Rights  pursuant to either (A) a transfer  (whether  or not for  
consideration)  from the  Acquiring Person to holders of equity  interests in 
such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom the 

                                       10
<PAGE>
Acquiring  Person has any continuing  agreement,  arrangement or  understanding,
whether  written or oral,  regarding  the  transferred  Rights or (B) a transfer
which is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding,  whether written or oral,
which has as a primary purpose or effect  avoidance of Section 7(e) hereof,  and
any Right  Certificate  issued  pursuant  to Section 6 or Section 11 hereof upon
transfer,  exchange,  replacement  or adjustment of any other Right  Certificate
referred  to in this  sentence,  shall  contain  (to  the  extent  feasible  and
otherwise reasonably identifiable as such) the following legend:

         The  Rights   represented  by  this  Right   Certificate  are  or  were
         beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person or
         an Affiliate  or  Associate  of an Acquiring  Person (as such terms are
         defined in the Rights Agreement).  Accordingly,  this Right Certificate
         and the Rights  represented hereby may become void in the circumstances
         specified in Section 7(e) of such Agreement.

The provisions of Section 7(e) shall apply whether or not any Right  Certificate
actually contains the foregoing legend.
         Section  5.  Countersignature  and  Registration. The Right 
Certificates  shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its  Chairman of the
Board, its Chief Executive Officer, any Vice Chairman, its President, any of its
Vice Presidents,  or its Treasurer,  either manually or by facsimile  signature,
shall have affixed thereto the Company's seal or a facsimile thereof,  and shall
be attested by the  Secretary or an Assistant  Secretary of the Company,  either
manually or by facsimile  signature.  The Right  Certificates  shall be manually
countersigned  by the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless
countersigned.  In case any  officer of the Company who shall have signed any of
the Right  Certificates  shall cease to be such  officer of the  Company  before
countersignature  by the Rights  Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company,
such Right Certificates,  nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent
and

                                       11
<PAGE>
issued and delivered by the Company with the same force and effect as though
the person who signed such Right  Certificates had not ceased to be such officer
of the Company; and any Right  Certificate may be signed on behalf of the 
Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Right 
Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Right  
Certificate,  although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement any
such person was not such an officer.
         Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or cause to
be kept, at its office  designated for such purpose,  books for registration and
transfer of the Right Certificates  issued hereunder.  Such books shall show the
names and addresses of the  respective  holders of the Right  Certificates,  the
number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Right Certificates and the
date of each of the Right Certificates.
         Section 6. Transfer,  Split  Up,  Combination  and  Exchange  of Right
Certificates;  Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Right Certificates.
                  (a) Subject to the provisions of Sections  4(b),  7(e), 14 and
24 hereof, at any time after the close of business on the Distribution Date, and
at or  prior  to the  close  of  business  on the  Expiration  Date,  any  Right
Certificate or Right  Certificates  may be  transferred,  split up,  combined or
exchanged for another Right  Certificate  or Right  Certificates,  entitling the
registered  holder to purchase a like number of shares of  Preferred  Stock (or,
following a Triggering Event, Common Stock, other securities or property, as the
case may be) as the Right  Certificate or Right  Certificates  surrendered  then
entitled such holder to purchase.  Any registered  holder  desiring to transfer,
split up, combine or exchange any Right Certificate or Right  Certificates shall
make such request in writing  delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall 

                                       12
<PAGE>
surrender the Right Certificate or Right  Certificates to be transferred,  split
up, combined or exchanged at the office of the Rights Agent  designated for such
purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any
action  whatsoever  with respect to the transfer of any such  surrendered  Right
Certificate  until the  registered  holder shall have  completed  and signed the
certificate  contained  in the form of  assignment  on the reverse  side of such
Right  Certificate  accompanied  by such  documents as the Rights Agent may deem
appropriate  and the  Company  shall  have been  provided  with such  additional
evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or
Affiliates  or  Associates  thereof as the  Company  shall  reasonably  request.
Thereupon  the  Rights  Agent  shall,  subject  to  Sections  4  and  7  hereof,
countersign  and deliver to the person entitled  thereto a Right  Certificate or
Right Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental  charge that may be
imposed in connection  with any transfer,  split up,  combination or exchange of
Right Certificates.
                  (b)  Upon  receipt  by the  Company  and the  Rights  Agent of
evidence  reasonably  satisfactory  to them of the loss,  theft,  destruction or
mutilation of a Right  Certificate,  and, in case of loss, theft or destruction,
of indemnity or security reasonably  satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's
request,  reimbursement  to the Company and the Rights  Agent of all  reasonable
expenses  incidental  thereto,  and  upon  surrender  to the  Rights  Agent  and
cancellation  of the Right  Certificate if mutilated,  the Company will make and
deliver  a new  Right  Certificate  of  like  tenor  to  the  Rights  Agent  for
countersignature  and  delivery  to the  registered  holder in lieu of the Right
Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated.

                                       13
<PAGE>
         Section 7.  Exercise  of Rights;  Purchase  Price;  Expiration  Date of
Rights.  (a) Subject to Section 7(e) hereof,  the registered  holder of any 
Right Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise
provided  herein)  in whole or in part at any time after the  Distribution  Date
upon surrender of the Right  Certificate,  with the form of election to purchase
on the reverse side thereof duly executed,  to the Rights Agent at the office of
the Rights  Agent  designated  for such  purpose,  together  with payment of the
Purchase  Price with respect to each  surrendered  Right for the total number of
shares of Preferred Stock (or other securities or property,  as the case may be)
as to which the Rights are  exercised,  at or prior to the  earliest  of (i) the
close of business on July 23, 2006 (the "Final Expiration Date"),  (ii) the time
at which the  Rights  are  redeemed  as  provided  in  Section  23  hereof  (the
"Redemption Date"), (the earliest of (i) or (ii) being herein referred to as the
"Expiration  Date") or (iii) the time at which  such  Rights  are  exchanged  as
provided in Section 24 hereof.
                  (b) The Purchase Price for each one  one-hundredth  of a share
of Preferred  Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall  initially be $90,
shall be subject to adjustment  from time to time as provided in Sections 11 and
13 hereof and shall be payable in lawful  money of the United  States of America
in accordance with paragraph (c) below.
                  (c)  Upon   receipt  of  a  Right   Certificate   representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate on
the reverse side of the Right  Certificate  duly  executed,  accompanied by such
documents  as the Rights  Agent may deem  appropriate,  payment of the  Purchase
Price for the shares (or other securities or property, as the case may be) to be
purchased and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid
by the holder of such Right  Certificate in accordance  with Section 9 hereof by
certified  check,

                                       14
<PAGE>

cashier's  check or money order payable to the order of the Company,  the Rights
Agent shall thereupon  promptly (i) (A)  requisition  from any transfer agent of
the  Preferred  Stock (or make  available,  if the Rights  Agent is the transfer
agent of the Preferred Stock) certificates for the number of shares of Preferred
Stock to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer
agent to comply with all such requests, or (B) if the Company shall have elected
to deposit  the  Preferred  Stock  issuable  upon  exercise of the Rights with a
depositary  agent,  requisition from the depositary  agent  depositary  receipts
representing such number of one  one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock as
are to be  purchased  (in which case  certificates  for the shares of  Preferred
Stock represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with
the depositary agent) and the Company will direct the depositary agent to comply
with such  request,  (ii) when  appropriate,  requisition  from the  Company the
amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance
with Section 14 hereof,  (iii) after receipt of such  certificates or depositary
receipts,  cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered
holder of such  Right  Certificate,  registered  in such name or names as may be
designated by such holder and (iv) when appropriate, after receipt, deliver such
cash to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Right Certificate. In
the event that the Company is  obligated  to issue other  securities  (including
Common Stock) of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property pursuant
to Section 11(a)  hereof,  the Company will make all  arrangements  necessary so
that such other securities,  cash and/or property are available for distribution
by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate.
                  (d) In case the  registered  holder of any  Right  Certificate
shall  exercise  less  than  all  the  Rights  evidenced  thereby,  a new  Right
Certificate  evidencing  Rights  equivalent to 

                                       15
<PAGE>
the  Rights  remaining  unexercised  shall be  issued  by the  Rights  Agent and
delivered  to the  registered  holder of such Right  Certificate  or to his duly
authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.
                  (e)   Notwithstanding   anything  in  this  Agreement  to  the
contrary,  from and after the  occurrence  of a  Triggering  Event,  any  Rights
beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of an
Acquiring  Person,  (ii) a  transferee  of an  Acquiring  Person (or of any such
Associate or  Affiliate)  who becomes a transferee  after the  Acquiring  Person
becomes an Acquiring  Person,  or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring  Person (or
such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee  prior to or  concurrently
with the Acquiring  Person becoming an Acquiring Person and receives such Rights
pursuant to either (A) a transfer  (whether or not for  consideration)  from the
Acquiring  Person to holders of equity  interests in such Acquiring Person or to
any  Person  with  whom  the  Acquiring  Person  has any  continuing  agreement,
arrangement or understanding, whether written or oral, regarding the transferred
Rights or (B) a transfer  which the Board of  Directors  otherwise  concludes in
good faith is part of a plan,  arrangement or understanding  (whether written or
oral) which has as a primary  purpose or effect the  avoidance  of this  Section
7(e),  shall become null and void without any further action,  and any holder of
such Rights  shall  thereupon  have no rights  whatsoever  with  respect to such
Rights,  whether  under any provision of this  Agreement or otherwise,  from and
after the occurrence of a Triggering Event. The Company shall use all reasonable
efforts to insure that the  provisions  of this Section 7(e) hereof are complied
with,  but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights for the  inability to
make any  determinations  with respect to an Acquiring Person or its Affiliates,
Associates or transferees hereunder.


                                       16
<PAGE>
                  (f)   Notwithstanding   anything  in  this  Agreement  to  the
contrary,  neither  the  Rights  Agent nor the  Company  shall be  obligated  to
undertake any action with respect to a registered  holder upon the occurrence of
any  purported  exercise as set forth in this  Section 7 unless the  certificate
contained  in the form of election to purchase  set forth on the reverse side of
the Right  Certificate  surrendered  for such exercise shall have been completed
and signed by the  registered  holder  thereof and the  Company  shall have been
provided with such additional  evidence of the identity of the Beneficial  Owner
(or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates  thereof as the Company
shall reasonably request.
                  (g) The Company  covenants and agrees that it will cause to be
reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued  Preferred  Stock
(and,  following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Stock and/or other
securities)  or  any  Preferred  Stock  (and,  following  the  occurrence  of  a
Triggering  Event,  Common Stock and/or other  securities) held in its treasury,
the number of shares of Preferred  Stock (and,  following  the  occurrence  of a
Triggering Event,  Common Stock and/or other securities) that will be sufficient
to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.
                  (h) Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary contained in
this  Agreement or in any Right  Certificate,  if the  Distribution  Date or the
Stock  Acquisition  Date shall occur prior to the Record Date, the provisions of
this Agreement,  including (without limitation) Sections 3 and 11(a)(ii),  shall
be  applicable  to the  Rights  upon  their  issuance  to the same  extent  such
provisions  would have been  applicable if the Record Date were the date of this
Agreement.
         Section  8.  Cancellation  and  Destruction  of  Right   Certificates. 
All Right Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,  transfer, split
up,  combination or exchange  shall,  if 


                                       17
<PAGE>

surrendered  to the Company or to any of its agents,  be delivered to the Rights
Agent for  cancellation  or in cancelled  form, or, if surrendered to the Rights
Agent,  shall be cancelled by it, and no Right  Certificates  shall be issued in
lieu thereof  except as expressly  permitted  by any of the  provisions  of this
Agreement.  The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for  cancellation  and
retirement,  and the Rights  Agent shall so cancel and  retire,  any other Right
Certificate  purchased  or  acquired  by the  Company  otherwise  than  upon the
exercise   thereof.   The  Rights  Agent  shall  deliver  all  cancelled   Right
Certificates  to the Company,  or shall,  at the written request of the Company,
cause such cancelled Right Certificates to be destroyed,  and in such case cause
a certificate of destruction to be delivered to the Company.
         Section 9. Availability of Preferred Stock. The Company covenants and 
agrees that it will take all such action as may be  necessary to ensure that all
Preferred  Stock (and,  following the occurrence of a Triggering  Event,  Common
Stock and/or other  securities)  delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the
time of delivery of the  certificates  for such Preferred Stock (and,  following
the  occurrence of a Triggering  Event,  Common Stock and/or other  securities),
subject to payment of the Purchase  Price,  be duly and validly  authorized and 
issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.
         Notwithstanding  any provision of this  Agreement to the contrary,  the
Rights  shall  not be  exercisable  pursuant  to  Section 7 or  pursuant  to the
provisions  contemplated  by Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof (a) unless and until any
regulatory approvals required for the issuance and/or sale of Preferred Stock or
Common Stock upon such exercise have been obtained,  (b) in any  jurisdiction if
the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall not have been obtained or
(c) if the exercise thereof,  or the issuance and/or sale of the Preferred Stock
or Common Stock to be 

                                       18
<PAGE>
purchased upon such exercise, shall not be permitted under the Company's 
Restated Articles of Incorporation,  as amended, or any applicable law or 
administrative or judicial regulation or order.
         The Company further  covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and
payable any and all federal and state  transfer  taxes and charges  which may be
payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Right  Certificates  or of
any Preferred  Stock (or Common Stock and/or other  securities,  as the case may
be) upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however,  be required to
pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery
of Right  Certificates  to a person  other than,  or the issuance or delivery of
certificates  or depositary  receipts for the  Preferred  Stock (or Common Stock
and/or other  securities,  as the case may be) in a name other than that of, the
registered  holder of the Right Certificate  evidencing  Rights  surrendered for
exercise or to issue or to deliver any  certificates or depositary  receipts for
Preferred  Stock (or Common Stock and/or other  securities,  as the case may be)
upon the  exercise  of any  Rights  until any such tax shall have been paid (any
such tax being  payable by the holder of such Right  Certificate  at the time of
surrender)  or  until  it  has  been  established  to the  Company's  reasonable
satisfaction that no such tax is due.
         Section 10. Preferred Stock Record Date. Each person in whose name any 
certificate for Preferred Stock (or Common Stock and/or other securities, as the
case may be) is issued  upon the  exercise of Rights  shall for all  purposes be
deemed  to have  become  the  holder  of  record  of the  shares  or  securities
represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which
the Right Certificate  evidencing  such  Rights was duly  surrendered  and  
payment of the Purchase Price (and any applicable transfer taxes) was made; 
provided,  however, that if the  

                                       19
<PAGE>
date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred  Stock (or
Common Stock and/or other securities,  as the case may be) transfer books of the
Company are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the record holder
of such shares or securities on, and such  certificate  shall be dated, the next
succeeding  Business  Day on which the  Preferred  Stock (or Common Stock and/or
other  securities,  as the case may be) transfer  books of the Company are open.
Prior to the  exercise of the Rights  evidenced  thereby,  the holder of a Right
Certificate  shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of Preferred  Stock
(or Common  Stock  and/or  other  securities,  as the case may be) for which the
Rights shall be exercisable,  including,  without limitation, the right to vote,
to receive  dividends  or other  distributions  or to  exercise  any  preemptive
rights,  and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any  proceedings  of
the Company, except as provided herein.
         Section 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price,  Number of Shares or Number 
of Rights.  The Purchase Price,  the number of shares of Preferred Stock covered
by each Right and the number of Rights  outstanding  are  subject to  adjustment
from time to time as provided in this Section 11.
                  (a) (i) In the event the  Company  shall at any time after the
         date of this  Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the  Preferred  Stock
         payable in Preferred  Stock,  (B) subdivide the  outstanding  Preferred
         Stock,  (C)  combine  the  outstanding  Preferred  Stock into a smaller
         number  of  shares of  Preferred  Stock or (D) issue any  shares of its
         capital stock in a  reclassification  of the Preferred Stock (including
         any such  reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger
         in which the  Company  is the  continuing  or  surviving  corporation),
         except as  otherwise  provided in this  Section

                                       20
<PAGE>
         11(a) and Section 7(e) hereof, the Purchase Price in effect at the time
         of the record date for such dividend or of the  effective  date of such
         subdivision,  combination or reclassification,  and the number and kind
         of  shares  of  capital   stock   issuable  on  such  date,   shall  be
         proportionately  adjusted  so that the  holder of any  Right  exercised
         after such time shall be entitled to receive the  aggregate  number and
         kind of shares of capital stock which, if such Right had been exercised
         immediately  prior to such date and at a time when the Preferred  Stock
         transfer  books of the Company were open, he would have owned upon such
         exercise  and been  entitled  to  receive  by virtue of such  dividend,
         subdivision,  combination or reclassification;  provided, however, that
         in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one
         Right be less than the  aggregate  par value of the  shares of  capital
         stock of the Company  issuable upon exercise of one Right.  If an event
         occurs which would  require an adjustment  under both Section  11(a)(i)
         and Section  11(a)(ii),  the  adjustment  provided  for in this Section
         11(a)(i)  shall be in  addition  to,  and shall be made  prior to,  any
         adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii).
                           (ii) Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement,  in the
         event any person becomes an Acquiring  Person,  each holder of a Right,
         except as provided below and in Section 7(e) hereof,  shall  thereafter
         have a right to receive,  upon exercise thereof at a price equal to the
         then  current   Purchase   Price   multiplied  by  the  number  of  one
         one-hundredths  of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right is then
         exercisable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and in lieu
         of a share of Preferred Stock, such number of shares of Common Stock of
         the Company as shall equal the result  obtained by (x)  multiplying the
         then current Purchase Price by the number of one one-hundredths of

                                       21
<PAGE>
         a share of Preferred  Stock for which a Right is then  exercisable  and
         dividing  that  product by (y) 50% of the then current per share market
         price of the  Company's  Common Stock  (determined  pursuant to Section
         11(d) hereof) on the date of the occurrence of such event. In the event
         that any Person shall  become an Acquiring  Person and the Rights shall
         then be outstanding,  the Company shall not take any action which would
         eliminate  or  diminish  the  benefits  intended  to be afforded by the
         Rights.
                           (iii) In lieu of issuing  Common Stock of the Company
         in accordance with Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof,  the Company may, in the
         sole discretion of the Board of Directors, elect to  (and, in the event
         that the  Board of  Directors  has not  exercised  the  exchange  right
         contained in Section 24 hereof and there are not sufficient  issued but
         not  outstanding  and authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to
         permit  the  exercise  in full of the  Rights  in  accordance  with the
         foregoing subparagraph (ii), the Company shall) take all such action as
         may be necessary to  authorize,  issue or pay, upon the exercise of the
         Rights,  cash (including by way of a reduction of the Purchase  Price),
         property,  other  securities  or  any  combination  thereof  having  an
         aggregate  value equal to the value of the Common  Stock of the Company
         which otherwise would have been issuable pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii),
         which aggregate value shall be determined by a majority of the Board of
         Directors.  For purposes of the  preceding  sentence,  the value of the
         Common Stock shall be  determined  pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof and
         the value of any equity  securities  which a  majority  of the Board of
         Directors  determines to be a "common stock equivalent"  (including the
         Preferred  Stock,  in  such  ratio  as the  Board  of  Directors  shall
         determine)  shall be deemed to have the same value as the Common Stock.

                                       22
<PAGE>
         Any such  election by the Board of Directors  must be made and publicly
         announced  within  60 days  following  the  date  on  which  the  event
         described  in Section  11(a)(ii)  shall have  occurred.  Following  the
         occurrence of the event described in Section  11(a)(ii),  a majority of
         the Board of Directors then in office may suspend the exercisability of
         the  Rights for a period of up to 60 days  following  the date on which
         the event  described in Section  11(a)(ii)  shall have  occurred to the
         extent that such directors have not determined  whether to exercise the
         Company's right of election under this Section 11(a)(iii). In the event
         of any such suspension,  the Company shall issue a public  announcement
         stating  that the  exercisability  of the Rights  has been  temporarily
         suspended.
                  (b) In case  the  Company  shall  fix a  record  date  for the
issuance  of rights,  options or  warrants  to all  holders of  Preferred  Stock
entitling them (for a period  expiring within 45 calendar days after such record
date) to subscribe  for or purchase  Preferred  Stock (or shares having the same
rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Stock ("equivalent preferred
shares")) or securities convertible into Preferred Stock or equivalent preferred
shares at a price per share of Preferred Stock or equivalent preferred share (or
having a conversion  price per share, if a security  convertible  into Preferred
Stock or  equivalent  preferred  shares)  less than the then  current  per share
market price of the Preferred Stock (as defined in Section 11(d)) on such record
date,  the  Purchase  Price to be in effect  after  such  record  date  shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
record date by a fraction,  the numerator of which shall be the number of shares
of Preferred Stock  outstanding on such record date plus the number of shares of
Preferred Stock which the aggregate offering price of the total number of shares
of Preferred Stock and/or  equivalent  preferred shares so to be offered (and/or

                                       23
<PAGE>
the aggregate  initial  conversion price of the convertible  securities so to be
offered)  would  purchase at such current  market price and the  denominator  of
which  shall be the  number of shares of  Preferred  Stock  outstanding  on such
record  date plus the number of  additional  shares of  Preferred  Stock  and/or
equivalent  preferred shares to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into
which the  convertible  securities so to be offered are initially  convertible);
provided,  however, that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the
exercise  of one Right be less  than the  aggregate  par value of the  shares of
capital stock of the Company  issuable upon exercise of one Right.  In case such
subscription  price may be paid in a consideration part or all of which shall be
in a form  other  than  cash,  the  value  of  such  consideration  shall  be as
determined  in good  faith  by the  Board of  Directors  of the  Company,  whose
determination  shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and
shall be binding on the Rights Agent.  Preferred  Stock owned by or held for the
account of the Company  shall not be deemed  outstanding  for the purpose of any
such  computation.  Such adjustment shall be made  successively  whenever such a
record date is fixed; and in the event that such rights, options or warrants are
not so issued,  the Purchase  Price shall be adjusted to be the  Purchase  Price
which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.
                  (c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the making
of a  distribution  to all holders of the Preferred  Stock  (including  any such
distribution  made in  connection  with a  consolidation  or merger in which the
Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness
or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend or a dividend payable in
Preferred Stock) or subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred to
in Section 11(b)  hereof),  the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record
date shall be 

                                       24
<PAGE>
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
record date by a fraction,  the numerator of which shall be the then current per
share market  price of the  Preferred  Stock on such record date,  less the fair
market  value (as  determined  in good  faith by the Board of  Directors  of the
Company,  whose  determination  shall be described in a statement filed with the
Rights Agent) of the portion of the assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be
distributed or of such subscription  rights or warrants  applicable to one share
of Preferred  Stock and the denominator of which shall be such current per share
market price of the Preferred Stock;  provided,  however, that in no event shall
the  consideration  to be paid upon the  exercise  of one Right be less than the
aggregate  par value of the shares of capital  stock of the Company to be issued
upon exercise of one Right. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever
such a record date is fixed;  and in the event that such  distribution is not so
made,  the Purchase Price shall again be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which
would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.
                  (d) (i) For the purpose of any  computation  hereunder,  other
         than under  Section  11(a)(iii)  hereof,  the "current per share market
         price" of any  security (a  "Security"  for the purpose of this Section
         11(d)(i))  on any date  shall be deemed to be the  average of the daily
         closing  prices  per  share  of such  Security  for the 30  consecutive
         Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter defined) immediately prior to
         such  date,  and for  the  purpose  of any  computation  under  Section
         11(a)(iii)  hereof,  the "current per share market price" of a Security
         on any date  shall be deemed  to be the  average  of the daily  closing
         prices per share of such security for thirty (30) consecutive Trading 
         Days  immediately   following  such  date; provided,  however, that in
         the event that the current 

                                       25
<PAGE>
         per share market price of the  Security is  determined  during a period
         following  the  announcement  by the issuer of such  Security  of (A) a
         dividend or  distribution  on such  Security  payable in shares of such
         Security or  securities  convertible  into such shares  (other than the
         Rights),  or (B) any subdivision,  combination or  reclassification  of
         such Security and prior to the  expiration of 30 Trading Days after the
         ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution,  or the record date
         for such  subdivision,  combination or  reclassification,  then, and in
         each  such  case,  the  "current  per  share  market  price"  shall  be
         appropriately  adjusted to reflect the current  market  price per share
         equivalent  (ex-dividend) of such Security.  The closing price for each
         day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale
         takes  place on such day,  the  average  of the  closing  bid and asked
         prices,  regular  way,  in either  case as  reported  in the  principal
         consolidated  transaction  reporting  system with respect to securities
         listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the
         Security  is not  listed or  admitted  to trading on the New York Stock
         Exchange,  as  reported  in  the  principal  consolidated   transaction
         reporting  system with respect to  securities  listed on the  principal
         national  securities  exchange  on which  the  Security  is  listed  or
         admitted  to trading  or, if the  Security is not listed or admitted to
         trading on any national securities exchange,  the last quoted price or,
         if not so quoted,  the average of the high bid and low asked  prices in
         the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of
         Securities Dealer,  Inc. Automated  Quotation System ("NASDAQ") or such
         other  system then in use,  or, if on any such date the Security is not
         quoted by any such  organization,  the  average of the  closing bid and
         asked  prices as  furnished  by a  professional  market  maker making a
         market  in the  

                                       26
<PAGE>
         Security  selected by the Board of Directors of the Company.  If on any
         such date no market maker is making a market in the Security,  the fair
         value of such Security on such date (as determined in good faith by the
         Board of  Directors of the Company)  shall be used.  The term  "Trading
         Day"  shall  mean a day on  which  the  principal  national  securities
         exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading is open
         for the  transaction  of business  or, if the Security is not listed or
         admitted to trading on any  national  securities  exchange,  a Business
         Day.
                           (ii) For the  purpose of any  computation  hereunder,
         the "current per share market  price" of the  Preferred  Stock shall be
         determined in accordance with the method set forth in Section 11(d)(i).
         If the shares of Preferred Stock are not publicly traded,  the "current
         per share market  price" of the Preferred  Stock shall be  conclusively
         deemed to be the current per share  market price of the Common Stock of
         the Company as determined  pursuant to Section 11(d)(i)  (appropriately
         adjusted  to  reflect  any  stock  split,  stock  dividend  or  similar
         transaction  occurring  after  the  date  hereof),  multiplied  by  one
         hundred.  If neither the shares of Common  Stock of the Company nor the
         shares of  Preferred  Stock are  publicly  held or so listed or traded,
         "current per share market price" shall mean the fair value per share as
         determined  in good  faith by the Board of  Directors  of the  Company,
         whose  determination  shall be described in a statement  filed with the
         Rights Agent.
                  (e)  Anything  herein  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding,  no
adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment  would
require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price;  provided,
however,  that any  adjustments  which by reason 


                                       27
<PAGE>
of this Section  11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried  forward and
taken into account in any subsequent  adjustment.  All  calculations  under this
Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest one one-millionth
of a share  of  Preferred  Stock or one  ten-thousandth  of any  other  share or
security, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section
11(e),  any  adjustment  required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than
the earlier of (i) three years from the date of the  transaction  which requires
such  adjustment or (ii) the date of the expiration of the right to exercise any
Rights.
                  (f) If as a result of an  adjustment  made pursuant to Section
11(a) or Section  13(a)  hereof,  the holder of any Right  thereafter  exercised
shall  become  entitled  to receive  any shares of capital  stock of the Company
other than  Preferred  Stock,  thereafter  the  number of such  other  shares so
receivable  upon exercise of any Right shall be subject to adjustment  from time
to time in a manner  and on terms as nearly  equivalent  as  practicable  to the
provisions with respect to the Preferred Stock contained in this Section 11, and
the  provisions  of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 with  respect to the  Preferred
Stock shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.
                  (g) All Rights originally issued by the Company  subsequent to
any adjustment  made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase,  at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one one-hundredths of a
share of Preferred Stock  purchasable  from time to time hereunder upon exercise
of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.
                  (h) Unless the Company  shall have  exercised  its election as
provided in Section  11(i),  upon each  adjustment  of the  Purchase  Price as a
result  of  the  calculations  made  in  Sections  

                                       28
<PAGE>
11(b) and (c), each Right  outstanding  immediately  prior to the making of such
adjustment  shall  thereafter  evidence the right to  purchase,  at the adjusted
Purchase Price, that number of one  one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock
(calculated  to the nearest one  one-millionth  of a share of  Preferred  Stock)
obtained  by (i)  multiplying  (x) the number of one  one-hundredths  of a share
covered by a Right  immediately  prior to this  adjustment  by (y) the  Purchase
Price in effect  immediately  prior to such adjustment of the Purchase Price and
(ii)  dividing  the  product  so  obtained  by  the  Purchase  Price  in  effect
immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase Price.
                  (i)  The  Company  may  elect  on or  after  the  date  of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in substitution
for any adjustment in the number of one  one-hundredths  of a share of Preferred
Stock purchasable upon the exercise of a Right.  Each of the Rights  outstanding
after such  adjustment  of the  number of Rights  shall be  exercisable  for the
number of one one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock for which a Right was
exercisable  immediately  prior to such  adjustment.  Each  Right held of record
prior to such  adjustment  of the number of Rights  shall  become that number of
Rights (calculated to the nearest one  ten-thousandth)  obtained by dividing the
Purchase Price in effect  immediately  prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price
by the Purchase  Price in effect  immediately  after  adjustment of the Purchase
Price.  The Company shall make a public  announcement  of its election to adjust
the number of Rights,  indicating  the record date for the  adjustment,  and, if
known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date may
be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter,  but,
if the Right Certificates have been issued, shall be at least 10 days later than
the date of the public  announcement.  If Right  Certificates  have been issued,
upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(i),


                                       29
<PAGE> 
the Company  shall,  as  promptly as  practicable,  cause to be  distributed  to
holders of record of Right  Certificates on such record date Right  Certificates
evidencing,  subject to Section 14 hereof,  the additional  Rights to which such
holders shall be entitled as a result of such  adjustment,  or, at the option of
the  Company,  shall  cause to be  distributed  to such  holders  of  record  in
substitution  and  replacement for the Right  Certificates  held by such holders
prior to the date of adjustment,  and upon surrender thereof, if required by the
Company, new Right Certificates  evidencing all the Rights to which such holders
shall be entitled after such adjustment. Right Certificates so to be distributed
shall be issued,  executed and  countersigned  in the manner provided for herein
and  shall  be  registered  in the  names  of the  holders  of  record  of Right
Certificates on the record date specified in the public announcement.
                  (j)  Irrespective  of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of one one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock issuable
upon  the  exercise  of the  Rights,  the  Right  Certificates  theretofore  and
thereafter  issued may continue to express the Purchase  Price and the number of
one  one-hundredths  of a share of Preferred  Stock which were  expressed in the
initial Right Certificates issued hereunder.
                  (k) Before  taking any action that would  cause an  adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below one  one-hundredth  of the then par value,  if
any, of the Preferred  Stock  issuable upon exercise of the Rights,  the Company
shall take any  corporate  action which may, in the opinion of its  counsel,  be
necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and
nonassessable Preferred Stock at such adjusted Purchase Price.
                  (l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment  in the  Purchase  Price be made  effective as of a record date for a
specified  event,  the Company may 

                                       30
<PAGE>
elect to defer until the  occurrence  of such event the issuing to the holder of
any Right  exercised  after such  record date of the  Preferred  Stock and other
capital stock or securities of the Company,  if any, issuable upon such exercise
over and above the Preferred  Stock and other capital stock or securities of the
Company,  if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price
in effect prior to such adjustment;  provided,  however,  that the Company shall
deliver to such  holder a due bill or other  appropriate  instrument  evidencing
such holder's right to receive such additional shares upon the occurrence of the
event requiring such adjustment.
                  (m)   Anything   in   this   Section   11  to   the   contrary
notwithstanding,  the Company  shall be entitled to make such  reductions in the
Purchase  Price,  in addition to those  adjustments  expressly  required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion  shall determine
to be advisable in order that any  consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred
Stock,  issuance  wholly for cash of any shares of Preferred  Stock at less than
the current market price,  issuance wholly for cash of shares of Preferred Stock
or securities  which by their terms are  convertible  into or  exchangeable  for
Preferred  Stock,  dividends on Preferred  Stock  payable in Preferred  Stock or
issuance of rights,  options or  warrants  referred  to  hereinabove  in Section
11(b), hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Stock shall not
be taxable to such shareholders.
                  (n) In the  event  that at any  time  after  the  date of this
Agreement and prior to the  Distribution  Date, the Company shall (i) declare or
pay any  dividend on the Common  Stock  payable in Common Stock or (ii) effect a
subdivision,   combination   or   consolidation   of  the   Common   Stock   (by
reclassification or otherwise than by payment of dividends in Common Stock) into
a greater or lesser number of Common Stock, then in any such case (i) the number

                                       31
<PAGE>
of one one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock purchasable after such event
upon proper exercise of each Right shall be determined by multiplying the number
of one  one-hundredths of a share of Preferred Stock so purchasable  immediately
prior to such  event by a  fraction,  the  numerator  of which is the  number of
shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  before  such  event and the
denominator  of which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  outstanding
immediately  after such event,  and (ii) each share of Common Stock  outstanding
immediately after such event shall have issued with respect to it that number of
Rights which each share of Common Stock  outstanding  immediately  prior to such
event had  issued  with  respect  to it. The  adjustments  provided  for in this
Section 11(n) shall be made successively whenever such a dividend is declared or
paid or such a subdivision, combination or consolidation is effected.
                  (o) So long as the shares  issuable  upon the  exercise of the
Rights may be listed on any national securities exchange,  the Company shall use
its best  efforts  to cause,  from and  after  such  time as the  Rights  become
exercisable, all shares reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange
upon official notice of issuance upon such exercise.
                  (p) The  Company  shall use its best  efforts to (i) file,  as
soon as  practicable  following the first  occurrence of a Triggering  Event,  a
registration  statement  under the Securities Act with respect to the securities
purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate  form, (ii) cause such
registration  statement to become  effective as soon as  practicable  after such
filing, and (iii) cause such registration  statement to remain effective (with a
prospectus at all times meeting the  requirements  of the Securities  Act) until
the date of the expiration of the Rights. The Company will also take such action
as may be appropriate under the blue sky laws of the various states. The Company
may  temporarily  suspend,  for a period  of time  not to  

                                       32
<PAGE>
exceed 90 days,  the  exercisability  of the Rights in order to prepare and file
such registration  statement or in order to comply with such blue sky laws. Upon
any such suspension,  the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that
the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended.
         Section  12.  Certificate  of  Adjusted  Purchase  Price or  Number  of
Shares.  Whenever an  adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 or 13 hereof,
the  Company  shall  promptly  (a)  prepare a  certificate  setting  forth  such
adjustment,  and a brief statement of the facts  accounting for such adjustment,
(b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Common Stock
or the Preferred  Stock a copy of such  certificate and (c) mail a brief summary
thereof to each holder of a Right  Certificate  in  accordance  with  Section 25
hereof.  The  Rights  Agent  shall be fully  protected  in  relying  on any such
certificate  and on any  adjustment  therein  contained  and may assume  that no
adjustment  has  been  made  unless  and  until  it  shall  have  received  such
certificate.
         Section  13.  Consolidation,  Merger or Sale or  Transfer  of Assets or
Earning Power. (a) If after the Stock Acquisition Date,  directly or indirectly,
(x) the  Company  shall  consolidate  with,  or merge  with and into,  any other
Person,  (y) any Person shall  consolidate  with the Company,  or merge with and
into  the  Company  and  the  Company  shall  be  the  continuing  or  surviving
corporation of such merger and, in connection  with such merger,  all or part of
the  Common  Stock  shall  be  changed  into or  exchanged  for  stock  or other
securities  of any other Person (or the Company) or cash or any other  property,
or (z) the  Company  shall  sell or  otherwise  transfer  (or one or more of its
Subsidiaries  shall sell or otherwise  transfer),  in one or more  transactions,
assets or earning power  aggregating  50% or more of the assets or earning 

                                       33
<PAGE>
power of the  Company and its  Subsidiaries  (taken as a whole) to any Person or
Persons other than the Company or one or more of its wholly-owned  Subsidiaries,
then,  and in each such case,  proper  provision  shall be made so that (i) each
holder of a Right (except as otherwise  provided  herein) shall  thereafter have
the right to  receive,  upon the  exercise  thereof at a price equal to the then
current Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one one-hundredths of a share
of Preferred Stock for which a Right is then exercisable, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement and in lieu of shares of Preferred Stock, such number of
validly authorized and issued,  fully paid,  non-assessable and freely tradeable
shares of Common Stock of the Principal Party (as hereinafter defined), free and
clear of all  liens,  rights  of call or first  refusal,  encumbrances  or other
adverse  claims,  as shall equal the result obtained by (A) multiplying the then
current  Purchase  Price  by the  number  of one one-hundredths  of a share of
Preferred Stock for which a Right is then  exercisable (or, if such Right is not
then  exercisable  for a number of one  one-hundredths  of a share of  Preferred
Stock,  the  number  of such  fractional  shares  for  which it was  exercisable
immediately  prior to an event  described  under Section  11(a)(ii)  hereof) and
dividing  that  product by (B) 50% of the then current per share market price of
the Common Stock of such Principal Party  (determined  pursuant to Section 11(d)
hereof)  on the date of  consummation  of such  consolidation,  merger,  sale or
transfer;  (ii) such Principal  Party shall  thereafter be liable for, and shall
assume, by virtue of such consolidation, merger, sale or transfer, or otherwise,
all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement;  (iii)
the term "Company"  shall  thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party
and (iv) such Principal Party shall take such steps (including,  but not limited
to, the  reservation  of a  sufficient  number of its shares of Common  Stock in
accordance with Section 9 hereof) in 

                                       34
<PAGE>
connection  with  such  consummation  as may be  necessary  to  assure  that the
provisions  hereof shall  thereafter be applicable,  as nearly as reasonably may
be, in relation to its shares of Common Stock  thereafter  deliverable  upon the
exercise of the Rights.
                  (b)      "Principal Party" shall mean:
                           (i) In the case of any  transaction  described in (x)
         or (y) of the first sentence of Section  13(a),  the Person that is the
         issuer of any  securities  into  which  shares  of Common  Stock of the
         Company  are  converted  in such  merger  or  consolidation,  and if no
         securities  are so issued,  the Person that is the surviving  entity of
         such merger or consolidation (including the Company if applicable); and
                           (ii) in the case of any transaction  described in (z)
         of the first  sentence in Section  13(a),  the Person that is the party
         receiving  the  greatest   portion  of  the  assets  or  earning  power
         transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions;
provided,  however,  that in any such  case  described  in  clauses  (b)(i)  and
(b)(ii):  (1) if the Common Stock of such Person is not at such time and has not
been continuously over the preceding 12-month period registered under Section 12
of the  Exchange  Act,  and such  Person is a direct or indirect  Subsidiary  of
another  Person  the  Common  Stock  of  which  is and has  been so  registered,
"Principal Party" shall refer to such other Person; (2) in case such Person is a
Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, or more than one Person, the Common Stock of
two or more of which are and have been so  registered,  "Principal  Party" shall
refer to  whichever of such Persons is the issuer of the Common Stock having the
greatest aggregate market value; and (3) in case such Person is owned,  directly
or  indirectly,  by a joint  venture  formed by two or more Persons that are not
owned,  directly or indirectly,  by the same Person,  the rules set forth 

                                       35
<PAGE>
in (1) and (2) shall apply to each of the chains of ownership having an interest
in such joint  venture as if such  party were a  "Subsidiary"  of both or all of
such joint venturers and the Principal Parties in each such chain shall bear the
obligations  set forth in this  Section 13 in the same ratio as their  direct or
indirect interests in such Person bear to the total of such interests.
                  (c) The Company shall not consummate  any such  consolidation,
merger, sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have sufficient number
of shares of Common Stock  authorized  to permit the full exercise of the Rights
and prior thereto the Company and such  Principal  Party shall have executed and
delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental  agreement  providing for the terms
set forth in  paragraphs  (a) and (b) of this  Section 13 and further  providing
that, as soon as practicable after the date of any consolidation, merger or sale
of assets  mentioned in paragraph  (a) of this Section 13, the  Principal  Party
will:
                           (i) prepare and file a registration  statement  under
         the  Securities  Act,  with  respect to the  Rights and the  securities
         purchasable  upon exercise of the Rights on an  appropriate  form,  and
         will use its best efforts to cause such  registration  statement to (A)
         become  effective  as soon as  practicable  after  such  filing and (B)
         remain   effective   (with  a  prospectus  at  all  times  meeting  the
         requirements of the Securities Act) until the Expiration Date;
                           (ii)  deliver to  holders  of the  Rights  historical
         financial statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates
         which comply in all respects with the  requirements for registration on
         Form 10 under the Exchange Act; and
                           (iii)  take  such  actions  as  may be  necessary  or
         appropriate under the blue sky laws of the various states.

                                       36
<PAGE>
The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or
consolidations  or  sales  or  other  transfers.  In the  event  that one of the
transactions  described in this Section  13(a) shall occur at any time after the
occurrence of a transaction  described in Section 11(a)(ii)  hereof,  the Rights
which have not theretofore been exercised shall thereafter become exercisable in
the manner described in Section 13(a).

Section 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional  Shares.  (a) The Company shall not
be required to issue  fractions of Rights or to  distribute  Right  Certificates
which evidence  fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights,  there may
be paid to the registered holders of the Right Certificates with regard to which
such fractional  Rights would otherwise be issuable,  an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right. For the purposes
of this Section  14(a),  the current  market value of a whole Right shall be the
closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on
which such  fractional  Rights would have been otherwise  issuable.  The closing
price for any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such
sale takes place on such day,  the average of the closing bid and asked  prices,
regular  way,  in  either  case  as  reported  in  the  principal   consolidated
transaction  reporting  system with respect to securities  listed or admitted to
trading  on the New York  Stock  Exchange  or, if the  Rights  are not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal
consolidated  transaction  reporting system with respect to securities listed on
the  principal  national  securities  exchange on which the Rights are listed or
admitted  to trading  or, if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on
any national  securities  exchange,  the last quoted price or, if not so quoted,
the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market,
as reported  by NASDAQ or such other  system

                                       37
<PAGE>
then in use or,  if on any  such  date the  Rights  are not  quoted  by any such
organization,  the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a
professional market maker making a market in the Rights selected by the Board of
Directors of the  Company.  If on any such date no such market maker is making a
market in the Rights, the fair value of the Rights on such date as determined in
good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used.
                  (b) The Company shall not be required to issue  fractions of a
share of Preferred Stock (other than fractions  which are integral  multiples of
one  one-hundredth of a share of Preferred Stock) upon exercise of the Rights or
to distribute  certificates which evidence  fractional shares of Preferred Stock
(other than fractions  which are integral  multiples of one  one-hundredth  of a
share of Preferred  Stock).  Fractions of a share of Preferred Stock in integral
multiples  of one  one-hundredth  of a share  of  Preferred  Stock  may,  at the
election of the Company,  be evidenced by  depositary  receipts,  pursuant to an
appropriate  agreement  between  the Company  and a  depositary  selected by it;
provided,  that such agreement shall provide that the holders of such depositary
receipts shall have all the rights, privileges and preferences to which they are
entitled  as  beneficial  owners  of the  Preferred  Stock  represented  by such
depositary  receipts.  In lieu of fractional  shares of Preferred Stock that are
not integral  multiples of one  one-hundredth of a share of Preferred Stock, the
Company may pay to the registered holders of Right Certificates at the time such
Rights  are  exercised  as herein  provided  an amount in cash equal to the same
fraction  of the  current  market  value  of one  one-hundredth  of a  share  of
Preferred  Stock.  For the purposes of this Section  14(b),  the current  market
value  of  one  one-hundredth  of a  share  of  Preferred  Stock  shall  be  one
one-hundredth of the closing price of a 

                                       38
<PAGE>
share of  Preferred  Stock (as  determined  pursuant  to the second  sentence of
Section  11(d)(i)  hereof) for the Trading Day immediately  prior to the date of
such exercise.
                  (c)  Following  the  occurrence  of a  Triggering  Event,  the
Company shall not be required to issue fractions of a share of Common Stock upon
exercise of the Rights or to distribute  certificates which evidence  fractional
shares of Common  Stock.  In lieu of  fractional  shares  of Common  Stock,  the
Company may pay to the registered holders of Right Certificates at the time such
Rights  are  exercised  as herein  provided  an amount in cash equal to the same
fraction of the current market value of one share of Common Stock.  For purposes
of this  Section  14(c),  the current  market value of one share of Common Stock
shall be the closing price of one share of Common Stock (as determined  pursuant
to the  second  sentence  of  Section  11(d)(i)  hereof)  for  the  Trading  Day
immediately prior to the date of such exercise.
                  (d) The  holder  of a Right  by the  acceptance  of the  Right
expressly  waives his right to receive any  fractional  Rights or any fractional
shares upon exercise of a Right (except as provided above).
         Section 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this 
Agreement,  excepting  the  rights of action  given to the  Rights  Agent  under
Section 18 hereof, are vested in the respective  registered holders of the Right
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the
Common Stock);  and any registered holder of any Right Certificate (or, prior to
the Distribution  Date, of the Common Stock),  without the consent of the Rights
Agent  or of the  holder  of any  other  Right  Certificate  (or,  prior  to the
Distribution Date, of the Common Stock),  may, in his own behalf and for his own
benefit,  enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding
against  the Company to enforce,  or  otherwise  act in 

                                       39
<PAGE>
respect of, his right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Right Certificate
in the manner provided in such Right Certificate and in this Agreement.  Without
limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is
specifically  acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate
remedy at law for any breach of this  Agreement and will be entitled to specific
performance of the obligations  under,  and injunctive  relief against actual or
threatened  violations  of  the  obligations  of any  Person  subject  to  this
Agreement.
         Section 16.  Agreement of Right Holders.   Every  holder of a Right, by
accepting  the same,  consents  and agrees with the  Company and the Rights  
Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:
                  (a) prior to the  Distribution  Date,  the Rights will be 
transferable  only in  connection with the transfer of Common Stock;
                  (b) after the  Distribution  Date, the Right  Certificates are
transferable  only on the registry  books of the Rights Agent if  surrendered at
the office of the Rights Agent  designated for such  purposes,  duly endorsed or
accompanied by a proper  instrument of transfer and with  appropriate  forms and
certificates fully executed;
                  (c) the  Company  and the Rights  Agent may deem and treat the
person in whose name the Right Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution  Date,
the  associated  Common Stock  certificate)  is registered as the absolute owner
thereof and of the Rights evidenced  thereby  (notwithstanding  any notations of
ownership or writing on the Right  Certificates  or the associated  Common Stock
Certificate  made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights  Agent) for all
purposes  whatsoever,  and neither  the  Company  nor the Rights  Agent shall be
affected by any notice to the contrary; and

                                       40
<PAGE>
                  (d)   notwithstanding   anything  in  this  Agreement  to  the
contrary,  neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any  liability to
any  holder of a Right or any  other  Person  as a result  of its  inability  to
perform any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary
or permanent  injunction  or other order,  decree or ruling issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency
or commission,  or any statute,  rule, regulation or executive order promulgated
or enacted by any governmental  authority  prohibiting or otherwise  restraining
performance of such obligation.
         Section 17. Right Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder.  No
holder,  as such, of any Right  Certificate  shall be entitled to vote,  receive
dividends  or be  deemed  for  any  purpose  the  holder  of the  number  of one
one-hundredths  of a share of  Preferred  Stock or any other  securities  of the
Company  which  may at any  time  be  issuable  on the  exercise  of the  Rights
represented  thereby,  nor  shall  anything  contained  herein  or in any  Right
Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Right Certificate,  as
such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for
the election of directors or upon any matter  submitted to  shareholders  at any
meeting thereof,  or to give or withhold consent to any corporate  action, or to
receive notice of meetings or other actions  affecting  shareholders  (except as
provided in Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription  rights,
or  otherwise,  until the Right or Rights  evidenced  by such Right  Certificate
shall have been exercised in accordance with the provisions hereof.
         Section 18. Concerning the Rights Agent. The Company agrees to pay to 
the  Rights  Agent  reasonable  compensation  for all  services  rendered  by it
hereunder,  if other than the Secretary of the Company,  and, from time to time,
on demand of the Rights  Agent,  its  

                                       41
<PAGE>
reasonable  expenses and counsel  fees and other  disbursements  (including  any
taxes other than income taxes) incurred in the  administration  and execution of
this  Agreement  and the  exercise  and  performance  of his,  her or its duties
hereunder.  The Company  also agrees to  indemnify  the Rights Agent for, and to
hold him, her or it harmless against, any loss, liability, or expense,  incurred
without  negligence,  bad faith or willful  misconduct on the part of the Rights
Agent,  for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection  with the
acceptance  and  administration  of this  Agreement,  including  the  costs  and
expenses  of  defending  against  any claim of  liability  arising,  directly or
indirectly, therefrom.
         The Rights Agent shall be protected  and shall incur no liability  for,
or in respect  of any action  taken,  suffered  or omitted by him,  her or it in
connection with, its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Right
Certificate or certificate  for the Preferred Stock or Common Stock or for other
securities  of the Company,  instrument  of  assignment  or  transfer,  power of
attorney,   endorsement,   affidavit,   letter,  notice,   direction,   consent,
certificate,  statement, or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine
and to be signed,  executed and, where necessary,  verified or acknowledged,  by
the proper  person or persons,  or  otherwise  upon the advice of counsel as set
forth in Section 20 hereof.
         Section  19.  Merger  or  Consolidation  or  Change  of Name of  Rights
Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent
may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting
from any  merger or  consolidation  to which the Rights  Agent or any  successor
Rights  Agent  shall be a party,  or any  corporation  succeeding  to the  stock
transfer or corporate trust business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights
Agent,  shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement  without
the  

                                       42
<PAGE>
execution  or filing of any paper or any further act on the party of any of
the parties  hereto;  provided,  that such  corporation  would be  eligible  for
appointment  as a  successor  Rights  Agent under the  provisions  of Section 21
hereof.  In case at the time such  successor  Rights Agent shall  succeed to the
agency created by this Agreement,  any of the Right Certificates shall have been
countersigned  but not delivered;  any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the
countersignature  of  the  predecessor  Rights  Agent  and  deliver  such  Right
Certificates  so  countersigned,  and in  case  at that  time  any of the  Right
Certificates shall not have been  countersigned,  any successor Rights Agent may
countersign such Right Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights
Agent or in the name of the successor  Rights Agent;  and in all such cases such
Right  Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Right Certificates
and in this Agreement.
         In case at any time the name of the Rights  Agent  shall be changed and
at such time any of the Right Certificates shall have been countersigned but not
delivered,  the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name
and deliver Right Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of
the Right Certificates shall not have been  countersigned,  the Rights Agent may
countersign such Right  Certificates  either in its prior name or in its changed
name;  and in all such cases such Right  Certificates  shall have the full force
provided in the Right Certificates and in the Agreement.
         Section  20.  Duties of Rights  Agent.  The Rights Agent  undertakes  
the duties and  obligations  imposed by this Agreement upon the  following 
terms and  conditions,  by all of which the Company and the holders of Right 
Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:
                  (a)  The  Rights   Agent  may  consult   with  legal   counsel
satisfactory  to it (who may be legal counsel for the Company),  and the opinion
of such counsel shall be full and 

                                       43
<PAGE>
complete  authorization  and protection to the Rights Agent and the Rights Agent
shall incur no  liability or  responsibility  to the Company or to any holder of
any Right  Certificate  in respect of any action  taken or omitted by it in good
faith and in accordance with such opinion.
                  (b)  Whenever  in the  performance  of his,  her or its duties
under this  Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that
any fact or matter be proved or  established  by the Company  prior to taking or
suffering  or  omitting  action  hereunder,  such fact or matter  (unless  other
evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically  prescribed) may be deemed to
be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by any one of the
Chairman of the Board,  the Chief  Executive  Officer,  any Vice  Chairman,  the
President,  any Vice  President,  the  Treasurer  or the  Secretary  (unless the
Secretary is the Rights Agent) of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent;
and such  certificate  shall be full  authorization  to the Rights Agent for any
action  taken or  suffered  in good  faith by it under  the  provisions  of this
Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.
                  (c) The Rights Agent shall be liable  hereunder to the Company
only for, and shall  indemnify  and hold  harmless the Company from and against,
any  and  all  losses,  liabilities,  costs,  damages  and  expenses  (including
attorneys'  fees)  arising  out of or in  connection  with,  the Rights  Agent's
gross negligence or willful misconduct.
                  (d) The Rights  Agent  shall not be liable for or by reason of
any of the statements of fact or recitals  contained in this Agreement or in the
Right  Certificates  (except  its  countersignature  thereof)  or be required to
verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to
have been made by the Company only.

                                       44
<PAGE>
                  (e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any  responsibility in
respect of the validity of this  Agreement or the execution and delivery  hereof
(except  the due  execution  hereof by the  Rights  Agent) or in  respect of the
validity  or  execution  of any Right  Certificate  (except  the Rights  Agent's
countersignature  thereof);  nor shall the Rights Agent be  responsible  for any
breach by the Company of any covenant or condition  contained in this  Agreement
or in any Right  Certificate;  nor shall the Rights Agent be responsible for any
change in the  exercisability  of the Rights (including the Rights becoming void
pursuant to Section  7(e) hereof) or any  adjustment  in the terms of the Rights
(including the manner,  method or amount thereof) provided for in Section 3, 11,
13, 23 or 24, or the  ascertaining  of the existence of facts that would require
any such change or  adjustment  (except  with  respect to the exercise of Rights
evidenced  by  Right  Certificates  after  receipt  of a  certificate  furnished
pursuant to Section 12 describing a change or adjustment);  nor shall the Rights
Agent by any act hereunder be deemed to make any  representation  or warranty as
to the  authorization  or reservation of any shares of Preferred Stock or Common
Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right  Certificate or as to
whether any shares of  Preferred  Stock or Common Stock will,  when  issued,  be
validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
                  (f)  The  Company  agrees  that  it  will  perform,   execute,
acknowledge  and deliver or cause to be performed,  executed,  acknowledged  and
delivered  all such further and other acts,  instruments  and  assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by
the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.
                  (g) The Rights  Agent is hereby  authorized  and  directed  to
accept instructions with respect to the performance of the Rights Agent's duties
hereunder  from  any one of the  

                                       45
<PAGE>
Chairman of the Board,  the Chief  Executive  Officer,  any Vice  Chairman,  the
President, any Vice President, the Secretary (unless the Secretary is the Rights
Agent) or the Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice
or instructions in connection with its duties, and the Rights Agent shall not be
liable for any action  taken or  suffered  by the Rights  Agent in good faith in
accordance  with  instructions  of any such  officer  or for any delay in acting
while waiting for those  instructions.  Any  application by the Rights Agent for
written  instructions  from the Company may, at the option of the Rights  Agent,
set forth in writing  any action  proposed  to be taken or omitted by the Rights
Agent under this  Agreement and the date on and/or after which such action shall
be taken or such  omission  shall be  effective.  The Rights  Agent shall not be
liable for any action taken by, or omission  of, the Rights Agent in  accordance
with a proposal  included in any such application on or after the date specified
in such application  (which date shall not be less than five Business Days after
the date such application is given, unless any such officer shall have consented
in writing to an earlier date)  unless,  prior to taking any such action (or the
effective date in the case of an omission), the Rights Agent shall have received
written instructions in response to such application specifying the action to be
taken or omitted.
                  (h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or
employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other
securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries or become  pecuniarily  interested
in any transaction in which the Company or its  Subsidiaries  may be interested,
or contract with or lend money to the Company or its  Subsidiaries  or otherwise
act as fully and freely as though the Rights  Agent were not Rights  Agent under
this  Agreement.  Nothing  herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in
any other  capacity for the Company or its  Subsidiaries  or for any other legal
entity.

                                       46
<PAGE>
                  (i) The  Rights  Agent may  execute  and  exercise  any of the
rights or powers hereby vested in the Rights Agent or perform any duty hereunder
either individually or by or through the Rights Agent's attorneys or agents, and
the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or  accountable  for any act,  default,
neglect or  misconduct  of any such  attorneys  or agents or for any loss to the
Company  resulting from any such act, default,  neglect or misconduct,  provided
reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.
                  (j) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate  surrendered to
the Rights Agent for exercise, transfer, split-up,  combination or exchange, the
certificate  attached to the form of assignment or form of election to purchase,
as the case may be, has either not been  completed or  indicates an  affirmative
response  to clause 1 and/or 2  thereof,  the  Rights  Agent  shall not take any
further  action with respect to such  requested  exercise,  transfer,  split-up,
combination or exchange without first consulting with the Company.
                  (k)  The  Rights   Agent  shall  not  be  under  any  duty  or
responsibility  to  insure  compliance  with  any  applicable  federal  or state
securities laws in connection  with the issuance,  transfer or exchange of Right
Certificates.
                  (l) The Rights Agent shall be under no obligation to institute
any  action,  suit or legal  proceeding  or to take any other  action  likely to
involve expense unless the Company or one or more holders of Right  Certificates
shall  furnish the Rights Agent with  security and  indemnity to Rights  Agent's
satisfaction for any costs and expenses which may be incurred.
                  (m) The  Rights  Agent  shall not be  liable  for  failure  to
perform  any  duties  except as  specifically  set forth  herein  and no implied
covenants or obligations  shall be read into 

                                       47
<PAGE>
this  Agreement  against  the Rights  Agent  whose  duties and  obligations  are
ministerial and shall be determined solely by the express provisions hereof.
         Section 21. Change of Rights  Agent.  The Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from his, her or its duties under this
Agreement  upon 30 days'  notice in writing  mailed to the  Company  and to each
transfer agent of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock by registered or certified
mail,  and to the holders of the Right  Certificates  by  first-class  mail. The
Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor  Rights Agent upon 30 days'
notice in writing,  mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the
case may be, and to each transfer  agent of the Common Stock or Preferred  Stock
by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the Right Certificates by
first-class  mail.  If the  Rights  Agent  shall  resign or be  removed or shall
otherwise become  incapable of acting,  the Company shall appoint a successor to
the Rights Agent.  If the Company shall fail to make such  appointment  within a
period  of 30 days  after  giving  notice of such  removal  or after it has been
notified  in writing of such  resignation  or  incapacity  by the  resigning  or
incapacitated Rights Agent or, if the Rights Agent is an individual, the Company
has obtained  actual  knowledge of such  resignation  or  incapacity,  or by the
holder of a Right  Certificate  (who shall,  with such notice,  submit his Right
Certificate  for inspection by the Company),  then the registered  holder of any
Right  Certificate  may apply to any  court of  competent  jurisdiction  for the
appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed
by the Company or by such a court,  may either be the  Corporate  Secretary,  an
Assistant Secretary,  or other appropriate officer of the Company, or shall be a
corporation  or bank  organized and doing  business under the laws of the United
States or of any other state of the United  States,  which is  authorized  under
such laws to exercise corporate trust or stock transfer powers and is subject to
supervision or  examination  by federal or state  authority and which has at the
time of its  appointment  as Rights  Agent a combined  capital and surplus of at
least $100 million. After

                                       48
<PAGE>
appointment,  the  successor  Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers,
rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights
Agent  without  further  act or deed;  but the  predecessor  Rights  Agent shall
deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held
by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance,  conveyance, act
or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such
appointment   the  Company  shall  file  notice  thereof  in  writing  with  the
predecessor  Rights  Agent  and  each  transfer  agent  of the  Common  Stock or
Preferred Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to the registered  holders
of the Right  Certificates.  Failure  to give any  notice  provided  for in this
Section 21,  however,  or any defect  therein,  shall not affect the legality or
validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of
the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.
         Section 22. Issuance of New Right Certificates.  Notwithstanding any of
the provisions of this  Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary,  the Company
may, at its option, issue new Right Certificates  evidencing Rights in such form
as may be approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change
in the  Purchase  Price  and the  number  or kind or  class of  shares  or other
securities  or  property  purchasable  under  the  Right  Certificates  made  in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
         Section 23. Redemption.
                  (a) The Board of  Directors of the Company may, at its option,
at any time prior to such time as any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem
all but not less than all the then  outstanding  Rights at a redemption price of
$.01 per  Right,  appropriately  adjusted  to  reflect  any stock  split,  stock
dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such 

                                       49
<PAGE>
redemption price being hereinafter  referred to as the "Redemption  Price"). The
redemption of the Rights by the Board of Directors may be made effective at such
time on such basis and with such  conditions  as the Board of  Directors  in its
sole discretion may establish. If redemption of the Rights is to be effective as
of a future  date,  the Rights  shall  continue  to be  exercisable,  subject to
Section 7 hereof,  until the  effective  date of the  redemption,  provided that
nothing contained herein shall preclude the Board of Directors from subsequently
causing  the  Rights  to be  redeemed  at a date  earlier  than  the  previously
scheduled effective date of the redemption.  The Company may, at its option, pay
the  Redemption  Price in cash,  Common  Stock  (based on the  current per share
market price of the Common Stock at the time of redemption) or any other form of
consideration deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors.
                  (b)  Immediately  upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company  ordering the  redemption of the Rights (or at the effective time of
such redemption established by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to
paragraph  (a) of this Section  23), and without any further  action and without
any notice,  the right to exercise the Rights will  terminate and the only right
thereafter  of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the  Redemption  Price.
The Company shall promptly give public notice of any such redemption;  provided,
however,  that the failure to give,  or any defect in, any such notice shall not
affect the validity of such redemption.  Within 10 days after such action of the
Board of  Directors  ordering  the  redemption  of the Rights or, if later,  the
effectiveness  of the redemption of the Rights  pursuant to the last sentence of
paragraph  (a), the Company shall mail a notice of redemption to all the holders
of the then  outstanding  Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the
registry  books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the  Distribution  Date, on the
registry books of the transfer  agent for 

                                       50
<PAGE>
the Common Stock. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall
be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice
of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price
will be made. The Company may, at its option,  discharge all of its  obligations
with respect to the Rights by (i) issuing a press release  announcing the manner
of redemption of the Rights, (ii) depositing with a bank or trust company having
a  capital  and  surplus  of at least  $100,000,000,  funds  necessary  for such
redemption,  in trust,  to be applied to the  redemption of the Rights so called
for  redemption and (iii)  arranging for the mailing of the Redemption  Price to
the  registered  holders  of  the  Rights;  then,  and  upon  such  action,  all
outstanding Rights Certificates shall be null and void without further action by
the Company.  Neither the Company nor any of its  Affiliates or  Associates  may
redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time in any manner other
than that specifically set forth in this Section 23, in Section 24 hereof, or in
connection with the purchase of Common Stock prior to the Distribution Date.
         Section 24.  Exchange.  (a) The Board of  Directors of the Company may,
at its option, at any time after a Triggering Event, exchange all or part of the
then  outstanding  and  exercisable  Rights (which shall not include Rights that
have become void  pursuant to the  provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) for Common
Stock at an exchange ratio of one share of Common Stock per Right, appropriately
adjusted  to reflect any stock  split,  stock  dividend  or similar  transaction
occurring after the date hereof (such exchange ratio being hereinafter  referred
to as the  "Exchange  Ratio").  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the  Board  of
Directors  shall not be empowered to effect such  exchange at any time after any
Person  (other than the Company,  any  Affiliate  of the  Company,  any employee
benefit plan of the Company or any such Affiliate,  or 

                                       51
<PAGE>
any entity  holding Common Stock for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan),
together  with  all  Affiliates  and  Associates  of such  Person,  becomes  the
Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
                  (b)  Immediately  upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company  ordering  the exchange of any Rights  pursuant to paragraph  (a) of
this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right
to exercise  such Rights  shall  terminate  and the only right  thereafter  of a
holder of such Rights  shall be to receive that number of shares of Common Stock
equal  to the  number  of such  Rights  held by such  holder  multiplied  by the
Exchange  Ratio.  The Company  shall  promptly  give  public  notice of any such
exchange;  provided,  however,  that the failure to give, or any defect in, such
notice  shall not affect the  validity of such  exchange.  The Company  promptly
shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at
their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent.
Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein  provided shall be deemed given,
whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will
state the method by which the  exchange  of the Common  Stock for Rights will be
effected and, in the event of any partial  exchange,  the number of Rights which
will be exchanged.  Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the
number of Rights  (other  than Rights  which have  become  void  pursuant to the
provisions of Section 7(e) hereof) held by each holder of Rights.
                  (c) In any exchange  pursuant to this Section 24, the Company,
at its option, may substitute  Preferred Stock (or equivalent  preferred shares,
as such term is defined in Section 11(b)  hereof) for Common Stock  exchangeable
for Rights,  at the initial  rate of one  one-hundredth  of a share of Preferred
Stock  (or  equivalent  preferred  share)  for each  share of 

                                       52
<PAGE>
Common Stock,  as  appropriately  adjusted to reflect  adjustments in the voting
rights  of the  Preferred  Stock  pursuant  to the  terms  thereof,  so that the
fraction of a share of Preferred Stock delivered in lieu of each share of Common
Stock shall have the same voting rights as one share of Common Stock.
                  (d) In the event that there shall not be sufficient  shares of
Common Stock or Preferred  Shares issued but not  outstanding  or authorized but
unissued to permit any exchange of Rights as  contemplated  in  accordance  with
this  Section 24, the Company  shall take all such action as may be necessary to
authorize additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock for issuance upon
exchange of the Rights.
                  (e) The Company  shall not be required to issue  fractions  of
shares of Common Stock or to distribute  certificates which evidence  fractional
shares of Common Stock. In lieu of such fractional  shares of Common Stock,  the
Company  shall pay to the  registered  holders  of the Right  Certificates  with
regard to which  such  fractional  shares of Common  Stock  would  otherwise  be
issuable  an amount in cash equal to the same  fraction  of the  current  market
value of a whole share of Common Stock.  For the purposes of this paragraph (e),
the current  market  value of a whole share of Common Stock shall be the closing
price of a share of Common Stock (as determined  pursuant to the second sentence
of Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of
exchange pursuant to this Section 24.
         Section 25. Notice of Certain Events.
                  (a) In case the  Company  shall  propose at any time after the
Distribution  Date (i) to pay any dividend  payable in stock of any class to the
holders of its Preferred Stock or to make any other  distribution to the holders
of its Preferred Stock (other than a regular  quarterly 

                                       53
<PAGE>
cash  dividend),  (ii) to offer to the holders of its Preferred  Stock rights or
warrants to  subscribe  for or to purchase  any  additional  Preferred  Stock or
shares of stock of any class or any other securities,  rights or options,  (iii)
to  effect  any   reclassification   of  its  Preferred   Stock  (other  than  a
reclassification involving only the subdivision of outstanding Preferred Stock),
(iv) to effect any  consolidation  or merger into or with, or to effect any sale
or other  transfer (or to permit one or more of its  Subsidiaries  to effect any
sale or  other  transfer),  in one or more  transactions,  of 50% or more of the
assets or earning power of the Company and its  Subsidiaries  (taken as a whole)
to, any other Person,  (v) to effect the liquidation,  dissolution or winding up
of the  Company,  or (vi) to declare  or pay any  dividend  on the Common  Stock
payable in Common Stock or to effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation
of the  Common  Stock (by  reclassification  or  otherwise  than by  payment  of
dividends in Common  Stock),  then, in each such case, the Company shall give to
each holder of a Right  Certificate,  in  accordance  with Section 26 hereof,  a
notice of such  proposed  action,  which  shall  specify the record date for the
purposes of such stock dividend,  or distribution of rights or warrants,  or the
date on which such  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger,  sale,  transfer,
liquidation,  dissolution,  or  winding  up is to take  place  and  the  date of
participation therein by the holders of the Common Stock and/or Preferred Stock,
if any such date is to be fixed,  and such notice  shall be so given in the case
of any action  covered by clause (i) or (ii) above at least 10 days prior to the
record date for determining  holders of the Preferred Stock for purposes of such
action,  and in the case of any such other action, at least 10 days prior to the
date of the taking of such proposed action or the date of participation  therein
by the holders of the Common Stock and/or  Preferred  Stock,  whichever shall be
the earlier.

                                      54
<PAGE>
                  (b) In case any of the events  set forth in Section  11(a)(ii)
hereof shall occur,  then the Company  shall as soon as  practicable  thereafter
give to each  holder of a Right  Certificate,  in  accordance  with  Section  26
hereof,  a notice of the  occurrence of such event,  which notice shall describe
such event and the consequences of such event to holders of Rights under Section
11(a)(ii) hereof.
         Section 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement  
to be  given  or  made  by the  Rights  Agent  or by  the  holder  of any  Right
Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently  given or made if sent by
first-class mail, postage prepaid,  addressed (until another address is filed in
writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:
                  Minnesota Power & Light Company
                  30 West Superior Street
                  Duluth, Minnesota 55802
                  Attention:  Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21 hereof,  any notice or demand authorized
by this  Agreement  to be given or made by the  Company  or by the holder of any
Right Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently  given or made
if sent by first-class mail,  postage prepaid,  addressed (until another address
is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:
                  Minnesota Power & Light Company
                  30 West Superior Street
                  Duluth, Minnesota 55802
                  Attention:  Corporate Secretary

Notices  or  demands  authorized  by this  Agreement  to be given or made by the
Company or the  Rights  Agent to the  holder of any Right  Certificate  shall be
sufficiently  given  or  made  if sent by  first-class  mail,  postage  prepaid,
addressed  to such holder at the address of such holder as 

                                      55
<PAGE>
shown on the  registry  books of the  Company.  Notices or demands  sent by mail
shall be deemed given or made three business days after the date they are sent.
         Section 27.  Supplements and Amendments. The Company may from time to 
time  supplement or amend this Agreement  without the approval of any holders of
Right Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity,  to correct or supplement any
provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other
provisions  herein,  or to make any other  provisions with respect to the Rights
which the  Company may deem  necessary  or  desirable,  any such  supplement  or
amendment  to be  evidenced  by a writing  signed by the  Company and the Rights
Agent; provided, however, that from and after such time as any Person becomes an
Acquiring Person,  this Agreement shall not be amended in any manner which would
adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights.
         Section 28. Successors.  All the covenants and provisions of this 
Agreement  by or for the benefit of the  Company or the Rights  Agent shall bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.
         Section 29. Benefits of this  Agreement. Nothing  in  this  Agreement  
shall be construed to give to any person or corporation  other than the Company,
the Rights  Agent and the  registered  holders of the Right  Certificates  (and,
prior to the Distribution  Date, the Common Stock) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under this  Agreement;  but this Agreement shall be for the sole
and  exclusive  benefit  of the  Company,  the Rights  Agent and the  registered
holders of the Right  Certificates  (and,  prior to the  Distribution  Date, the
Common Stock).
         Section  30.  Severability.  If any  term,  provision, covenant  or  
restriction  of this Agreement is held by a court of competent  jurisdiction  or
other  authority  to be invalid,  void or 

                                       56
<PAGE>
unenforceable,   the   remainder  of  the  terms,   provisions,   covenants  and
restrictions  of this Agreement  shall remain in full force and effect and shall
in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.
         Section 31.  Governing  Law. This Agreement and each Right  Certificate
issued  hereunder  shall be deemed to be a  contract  made under the laws of the
State of Minnesota  and for all purposes  shall be governed by and  construed in
accordance  with the laws of such State  applicable  to contracts to be made and
performed entirely within such State.
         Section 32. Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  any
number of counterparts and each of such  counterparts  shall for all purposes be
deemed to be an original,  and all such counterparts  shall together  constitute
but one and the same instrument.
         Section 33. Descriptive Headings.  Descriptive headings of the several
Sections of this  Agreement  are  inserted  for  convenience  only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.
         Section 34.  Determinations  and  Actions by the Board of  Directors.  
The  Board of  Directors  of the  Company  shall  have the  exclusive  power and
authority to  administer  this  Agreement  and to exercise all rights and powers
specifically  granted  to the Board or the  Company  or as may be  necessary  or
advisable  in  the   administration  of  this  Agreement,   including,   without
limitation,  the  right  and  power  to (i)  interpret  the  provisions  of this
Agreement,  and (ii) make all  determinations  deemed necessary or advisable for
the administration of this Agreement (including a determination to redeem or not
redeem the Rights or to amend the Agreement). All such actions,  interpretations
and determinations  (including, for purposes of clause (ii) below, all omissions
with  respect  to the  foregoing)  which  are done 

                                       57
<PAGE>
or made by the Board in good faith,  shall (i) be final,  conclusive and binding
on the Company,  the Rights Agent, the holders of the Right Certificates and all
other  parties,  and (ii) not subject the Board of Directors to any liability to
the holders of the Right Certificates.


                                       58
<PAGE>
         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed and attested, all as of the day and year first above written.

Attest:                             MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY


By:   Lorie Skudstad                By:  Edwin L. Russell
     -----------------------            -----------------------------------
                                    Title: Chairman, President and
                                           Chief Executive Officer

                                    [RIGHTS AGENT]

                                    Corporate Secretary
Witness:                            MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY


By:  Kristie Lindstrom              By:  Philip R. Halverson
    -----------------------             -----------------------------------
                                         Philip R. Halverson


                                       59
<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit A

                                     FORM OF
                     CERTIFICATE OF RESOLUTION FIXING TERMS
                       OF JUNIOR SERIAL PREFERRED STOCK A

                                       of

                         MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

         We, Edwin L. Russell, Chairman,  President and Chief Executive Officer,
and Philip R. Halverson, Corporate Secretary of Minnesota Power & Light Company,
a corporation  organized and existing under the Minnesota  Business  Corporation
Act (the "Company"), in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 302A thereof,
DO HEREBY CERTIFY:

         That pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors by
the Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, the Board of Directors
on July 24, 1996 adopted the following resolution creating a series of 1,000,000
shares of Serial  Preferred Stock A designated as Junior Serial  Preferred Stock
A:

         RESOLVED,  that  pursuant  to the  authority  vested  in the  Board  of
Directors of the Company in  accordance  with the  provisions  of the  Company's
Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation,  a series  of Serial  Preferred  Stock A,
without par value,  of the Company,  consisting  of  1,000,000  shares is hereby
created,  and the  voting  rights,  preferences  and  relative  rights,  and the
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, are as follows:

         Section 1. Designation and Amount. There shall be a series of Serial 
Preferred Stock A, without par value, of the Company which shall be designated 
as "Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A,"  (hereinafter  called "Junior Serial 
Preferred Stock A"), and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 
1,000,000.  Such number of shares may be increased or  decreased  by  resolution
of the Board of Directors and by the filing of a certificate  pursuant to the  
provisions of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act stating that such increase 
or reduction has been so authorized;  provided, however, that no decrease shall 
reduce the number of shares of Junior Serial Preferred Stock A to a number less 
than that of the shares then  outstanding  plus the number of shares of Junior  
Serial  Preferred Stock A issuable upon  exercise of  outstanding  rights,  
options or warrants or upon conversion of outstanding securities issued by the 
Company.

         Section 2.  Dividends and Distributions.

         (A)  The holders of shares of Junior Serial Preferred  Stock A shall be
entitled to receive,  when,  as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of
funds legally available for the purpose,  quarterly dividends payable in cash to
holders  of record on the first  business  day of  March,  June,  September  and
December in each year (each such date being  referred to herein as a  "Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date
after the first  issuance  of a share or  fraction  of a share of Junior  

<PAGE>

Serial  Preferred  Stock A, in an amount per share  (rounded to the nearest
cent)  equal to the  greater  of (a) $51 or (b)  subject  to the  provision  for
adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,  100 times the aggregate per share amount of
all cash  dividends,  and 100 times the aggregate  per share amount  (payable in
kind) of all  non-cash  dividends or other  distributions  other than a dividend
payable in shares of Common Stock (hereinafter  defined) or a subdivision of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise),  declared
on the Common  Stock,  without par value,  of the Company (the  "Common  Stock")
since the  immediately  preceding  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date,  or, with
respect to the first Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date, since the first issuance
of any share or fraction of a share of Junior Serial  Preferred  Stock A. In the
event the  Company  shall at any time  following  July 24,  1996 (i) declare any
dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock,  (ii)  subdivide the
outstanding  Common Stock or (iii) combine the  outstanding  Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares,  then in each such case the amount to which holders of
shares of Junior Serial  Preferred  Stock A were entitled  immediately  prior to
such event  under  clause (b) of the  preceding  sentence  shall be  adjusted by
multiplying  each such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number
of shares of Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  after  such  event and the
denominator  of  which is the  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  that  were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

         (B) The Company shall declare a dividend or  distribution on the Junior
Serial  Preferred  Stock A as  provided  in  paragraph  (A) above at the time it
declares a dividend or  distribution  on the Common Stock (other than a dividend
payable in shares of Common Stock).

         (C) No  dividend  or  distribution  (other  than a dividend  payable in
shares of Common  Stock)  shall be paid or payable  to the  holders of shares of
Common  Stock  unless,  at the same time as such payment is made with respect to
the Common Stock or prior thereto,  all accrued but unpaid dividends to the date
of such dividend or  distribution  shall have been paid to the holders of shares
of Junior Serial Preferred Stock A.

         (D) Dividends  shall begin to accrue and be  cumulative on  outstanding
shares of Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A from the Quarterly  Dividend  Payment
Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares of Junior Serial  Preferred
Stock A, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for
the first  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date,  in which case  dividends on such
shares  shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such  shares,  or unless
the date of issue is a Quarterly  Dividend  Payment  Date or is a date after the
record  date for the  determination  of  holders  of  shares  of  Junior  Serial
Preferred  Stock A entitled  to receive a  quarterly  dividend  and before  such
Quarterly  Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall
begin to accrue and be cumulative  from such  Quarterly  Dividend  Payment Date.
Accrued but unpaid  dividends  shall not bear  interest.  Dividends  paid on the
shares  of Junior  Serial  Preferred  Stock A in an  amount  less than the total
amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be
allocated pro rata on a  share-by-share  basis among all such shares at the time
outstanding.  The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination
of  holders of shares of Junior  Serial  Preferred  Stock A entitled  to receive
payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon,  which record date shall
be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         Section  3.  Voting  Rights.  The  holders  of shares of Junior  Serial
Preferred  Stock A shall have the voting  rights  provided  for in the  Restated
Articles of Incorporation of the Company.

         Section 4.  Certain Restrictions.

         (A) Whenever  quarterly  dividends or other dividends or  distributions
payable on the Junior Serial  Preferred  Stock A as provided in Section 2 are in
arrears,   thereafter   and  until  all   accrued  and  unpaid   dividends   and
distributions,  whether or not declared,  on shares of Junior  Serial  Preferred
Stock A outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Company shall not:

                  (i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other  distributions
         on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise  acquire for  consideration  any
         shares  of  stock  ranking  junior  (either  as to  dividends  or  upon
         liquidation,  dissolution or winding up) to the Junior Serial Preferred
         Stock A;

                  (ii)   declare  or  pay   dividends   on  or  make  any  other
         distributions  on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to
         dividends  or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding  up) with the
         Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A, except  dividends paid ratably on the
         Junior  Serial  Preferred  Stock A and all such  parity  stock on which
         dividends  are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts
         to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled;

                  (iii)   redeem  or   purchase   or   otherwise   acquire   for
         consideration  shares of any stock  ranking  on a parity  (either as to
         dividends  or upon  liquidation,  dissolution  or winding  up) with the
         Junior Serial  Preferred  Stock A, provided that the Company may at any
         time redeem,  purchase or otherwise  acquire  shares of any such parity
         stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Company ranking junior
         (either as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up)
         to the Junior Serial Preferred Stock A; or

                  (iv)  purchase  or  otherwise  acquire for  consideration  any
         shares of Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A, except in accordance with a
         purchase offer made in writing or by publication  (as determined by the
         Board of  Directors)  to all  holders of such shares upon such terms as
         the Board of Directors,  after  consideration of the respective  annual
         dividend  rates  and  other  relative  rights  and  preferences  of the
         respective  series  and  classes,  shall  determine  in good faith will
         result in fair and equitable  treatment among the respective  series or
         classes.

         (B) The  Company  shall not permit  any  subsidiary  of the  Company to
purchase  or  otherwise  acquire  for  consideration  any shares of stock of the
Company unless the Company could, under paragraph (A) of this Section,  purchase
or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         Section 5.  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

         (A) Upon any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,  dissolution  or
winding  up of the  Company,  no  distribution  shall be made to the  holders of
shares of stock  ranking  junior  (either as to dividends  or upon  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up) to the Junior Serial Preferred Stock A unless,  prior
thereto, the holders of whole shares of Junior Serial Preferred Stock A shall 
have received $100.00 per share, plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid 
dividends and distributions thereon,  whether or not declared, to the date of 
such payment (the "Junior Serial A Liquidation Preference").

         (B) In the  event,  however,  that  there  are  not  sufficient  assets
available  to  permit  payment  in  full  of the  Junior  Serial  A  Liquidation
Preference  and the  liquidation  preferences  of all other  series of preferred
stock, if any, which rank on a parity with the Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A,
then such remaining  assets shall be distributed  ratably to the holders of such
parity shares in proportion to their respective liquidation preferences.

         Section 6. Consolidation,  Merger, etc. In case the Company shall enter
into any  consolidation,  merger,  combination or other transaction in which the
shares of Common  Stock are  exchanged  for or  converted  into  other  stock or
securities,  cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the shares of
Junior Serial Preferred Stock A shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or
converted  in an amount  per share  (subject  to the  provision  for  adjustment
hereinafter  set  forth)  equal to 100  times  the  aggregate  amount  of stock,
securities,  cash and/or any other property  (payable in kind),  as the case may
be,  into  which or for  which  each  share of  Common  Stock  is  converted  or
exchanged.  In the event the Company  shall at any time (i) declare any dividend
on  Common  Stock  payable  in  shares  of  Common  Stock,  (ii)  subdivide  the
outstanding  Common Stock or (iii) combine the  outstanding  Common Stock into a
smaller  number of  shares,  then in each such case the  amount set forth in the
preceding  sentence  with  respect to the  exchange or  conversion  of shares of
Junior Serial  Preferred Stock A shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by
a  fraction  the  numerator  of which is the  number of  shares of Common  Stock
outstanding  immediately  after such event and the  denominator  of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such
event.

         Section 7.  Redemption. The shares of a Junior Serial Preferred Stock A
shall not be redeemable by the Company.  The preceding  sentence shall not limit
the ability of the Company to purchase or otherwise deal in such shares of stock
to the extent permitted by law.

         Section 8. Fractional  Shares.  Junior Serial Preferred Stock A may be
issued in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder,  in proportion to
such holder's  fractional shares, to exercise voting rights,  receive dividends,
participate  in  distributions  and to have the  benefit of all other  rights of
holders of Junior Serial Preferred Stock A.

                                       4
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Minnesota  Power & Light  Company  has caused its
corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this Certificate to be signed by Edwin
L. Russell, its Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and the same to
be attested by Philip R. Halverson,  its Corporate  Secretary,  this 24th day of
July, 1996.


                            MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY


  
                            By:  
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                 Edwin L. Russell
                                 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer


(SEAL)


Attest:


By:   
     -----------------------
      Philip R. Halverson
      Corporate Secretary


                                       8
<PAGE>
                                                                      Exhibit B

                           [Form of Right Certificate]


Certificate No. R-                                             __________ Rights

         NOT  EXERCISABLE  AFTER JULY 23,  2006 OR EARLIER IF THE RIGHTS  EXPIRE
         UNDER CERTAIN  CIRCUMSTANCES OR ARE REDEEMED BY THE COMPANY. THE RIGHTS
         ARE SUBJECT TO  REDEMPTION,  AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY,  AT $.01 PER
         RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE  RIGHTS  AGREEMENT.  UNDER  CERTAIN
         CIRCUMSTANCES,  RIGHTS  BENEFICIALLY  OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING  PERSON (AS
         SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER
         OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID.  [THE  RIGHTS  REPRESENTED  BY
         THIS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY  OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR
         BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING
         PERSON   (AS  SUCH  TERMS  ARE   DEFINED  IN  THE  RIGHTS   AGREEMENT).
         ACCORDINGLY,  THIS RIGHT CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS  REPRESENTED HEREBY
         MAY BECOME VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES  SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH
         AGREEMENT.]1


                                Right Certificate
                         Minnesota Power & Light Company

         This  certifies  that  _______________________________,  or  registered
assigns,  is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above,  each
of which  entitles  the owner  thereof,  subject  to the terms,  provisions  and
conditions  of the  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of July 24,  1996 (the  "Rights
Agreement"),  between Minnesota Power & Light Company,  a Minnesota  corporation
(the  "Company"),  and the  Corporate  Secretary  of the  Company  (the  "Rights
Agent"),  to purchase from the Company at any time after the  Distribution  Date
(as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 p.m. (Duluth
time) on July 23,  2006, or notice of redemption or exchange at the office
of the Rights Agent (or its  successors  as Rights  Agent)  designated  for such
purpose, one one-hundredth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Junior Serial
Preferred Stock A, without par value (the "Preferred Stock") of the Company at a
purchase price of $90 per one  one-hundredth  of a share (the "Purchase  Price")
upon  presentation and surrender of this Right  Certificate with the appropriate
Form of Election to Purchase and related  Certificate duly executed.  The number
of Rights  evidenced by this Right  Certificate  (and the number of shares which
may be purchased upon exercise  thereof) set forth
- -----------------------------

1  The portion of the legend in brackets shall be inserted only if applicable
   and shall replace the preceding sentence.
<PAGE>

above,  and the  Purchase  Price per share set forth  above,  are the number and
Purchase Price as of July 24, 1996,  based on the Preferred Stock as constituted
at such date.  Capitalized  terms not defined in this Right Certificate that are
defined in the Rights Agreement shall have the meanings  ascribed to them in the
Rights Agreement.

         Upon the occurrence of a Triggering  Event, if the Rights  evidenced by
this Right  Certificate are beneficially  owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of any such  Acquiring  Person (as such terms are defined
in the Rights  Agreement),  (ii) under  certain  circumstances  specified in the
Rights  Agreement,  a  transferee  of any such  Acquiring  Person,  Associate or
Affiliate,  or  (iii)  under  certain  circumstances  specified  in  the  Rights
Agreement,  a  transferee  of a person  who,  after  such  transfer,  became  an
Acquiring  Person,  or an Affiliate or  Associate of an Acquiring  Person,  such
Rights shall become null and void and no holder hereof shall have any right with
respect to such  Rights  from and after the  occurrence  of any such  Triggering
Event.

         As provided in the Rights Agreement,  the Purchase Price and the number
and kind of Preferred Stock or other securities, which may be purchased upon the
exercise  of the Rights  evidenced  by this  Right  Certificate  are  subject to
modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.

         This Right  Certificate is subject to all of the terms,  provisions and
conditions of the Rights Agreement,  which terms,  provisions and conditions are
hereby  incorporated  herein by  reference  and made a part  hereof and to which
Rights Agreement  reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights,
limitations  of rights,  obligations,  duties and  immunities  hereunder  of the
Rights  Agent,  the  Company and the  holders of the Right  Certificates,  which
limitations of rights include the temporary  suspension of the exercisability of
such Rights under  certain  circumstances  specified  in such Rights  Agreement.
Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the above-mentioned  office of the
Rights Agent and are also available upon written request to the Rights Agent.

         This Right Certificate, with or without other Right Certificates,  upon
surrender at the principal  corporate  trust office of the Rights Agent,  may be
exchanged for another Right Certificate or Right  Certificates of like tenor and
date evidencing  Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate number
of shares of Preferred Stock as the Rights evidenced by the Right 
Certificate or Right Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to
purchase.  If this Right Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder 
shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Right Certificate 
or Right  Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.

         Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced
by this Certificate may be redeemed by the Company at its option at a redemption
price of $.01 per Right at any time prior to such time as any Person  becomes an
Acquiring Person.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         No  fractional  shares  of  Preferred  Stock  will be  issued  upon the
exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are
integral multiples of one one-hundredth of a share of Preferred Stock, which may
at the election of the Company be evidenced by depository receipts), but in lieu
thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

         No holder of this Right Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to vote
or  receive  dividends  or be deemed  for any  purpose  the  holder of shares of
Preferred Stock or of any other  securities of the Company which may at any time
be issuable on the exercise hereof,  nor shall anything  contained in the Rights
Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof,  as such, any
of the  rights  of a  shareholder  of the  Company  or any right to vote for the
election  of  directors  or upon any matter  submitted  to  shareholders  at any
meeting thereof,  or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or, to
receive notice of meetings or other actions  affecting  shareholders  (except as
provided  in the Rights  Agreement),  or to receive  dividends  or  subscription
rights,  or  otherwise,  until  the  Right or  Rights  evidenced  by this  Right
Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

         This Right Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose
until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.

         WITNESS the facsimile  signature of the proper  officers of the Company
and its corporate seal.

Dated as of ________________ ___, 1996

ATTEST:  (SEAL)                                 MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY


                                                By: 
- --------------------------------------               --------------------------
Name:                                                Name:
Title:                                               Title:


Countersigned:

- --------------------------------------


By:  
     ---------------------------------
           Authorized Signature

                                       3
<PAGE>






                          FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                      (To be executed if holder desires to
                    exercise Rights represented by the Right
                                  Certificate.)

To:      MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY


         The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise __________ Rights
represented by this Right  Certificate to purchase the shares of Preferred Stock
issuable  upon the  exercise  of the  Rights (or such  other  securities  of the
Company or of any other  person  which may be issuable  upon the exercise of the
Rights) and requests that certificates for such shares be issued in the name of:

Please insert social security 
or other identifying number:  -------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         (Please print name and address)

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights  evidenced by this
Right Certificate,  a new Right Certificate for the balance of such Rights shall
be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security 
or other identifying number:  -------------------------------------------------

- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         (Please print name and address)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dated: _______________, 19___         -----------------------------------------
                                                        Signature


Signature Guaranteed:
<PAGE>


                                   CERTIFICATE

         The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes 
         that:

         (1) the Rights evidenced by this Right  Certificate [ ] are [ ] are not
being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or
an  Affiliate  or  Associate  of any such  Acquiring  Person  (as such terms are
defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);

         (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned,  it
[ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Right  Certificate from
any  Person  who is,  was or  became an  Acquiring  Person  or an  Affiliate  or
Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: _______________, 19___         -----------------------------------------
                                                       Signature


                                     NOTICE

         The  signature to the  foregoing  Election to Purchase and  Certificate
must  correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Right  Certificate
in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.


                                     NOTICE

         The  signature  to  the  foregoing   Assignment  and  Certificate  must
correspond  to the name as written  upon the face of this Right  Certificate  in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.

                                       2
<PAGE>


                   [Form of Reverse Side of Right Certificate]
 
                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

     (To be executed  by the  registered  holder if such  holder  desires to
      transfer the Right Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED  
                   -----------------------------------------------------------
hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto
                                          ------------------------------------
 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         (Please print name and address of transferee)

this Right Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and
does  hereby  irrevocably   constitute  and  appoint   _________________________
Attorney,  to  transfer  the  within  Right  Certificate  on  the  books  of the
within-named Company, with full power of substitution.

Date: _______________, 19___

                                         -------------------------------------
                                                        Signature


Signature Guaranteed:

                                   CERTIFICATE


         The  undersigned  hereby  certifies by checking the  appropriate  boxes
         that:

         (1) this Right  Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold,  assigned and
         transferred  by or on  behalf  of a Person  who is or was an  Acquiring
         Person or an Affiliate or  Associate of any such  Acquiring  Person (as
         such terms are defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement)

         (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned,  it
         [ ] did [ ]  did  not  acquire  the  Rights  evidenced  by  this  Right
         Certificate  from any  Person  who is,  was or  subsequently  became an
         Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.


Dated: ______________ , 19__         
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                                    Signature  
                                            

<PAGE>

                                                                      Exhibit C


           UNDER  CERTAIN  CIRCUMSTANCES,  AS SET  FORTH  IN  THE  RIGHTS
           AGREEMENT, RIGHTS OWNED BY OR TRANSFERRED TO ANY PERSON WHO IS
           OR  BECOMES  AN  ACQUIRING  PERSON  (AS  DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS
           AGREEMENT)  AND CERTAIN  TRANSFEREES  THEREOF WILL BECOME NULL
           AND VOID AND WILL NO LONGER BE TRANSFERABLE


                             SUMMARY OF RIGHTS PLAN

         On July 24, 1996,  the Board of  Directors  of Minnesota  Power & Light
Company (the "Company")  declared a dividend  distribution of one Right for each
outstanding  share of common stock,  without par value (the "Common Stock"),  of
the Company to  shareholders of record at the close of business on July 24, 1996
(the  "Record  Date") and  authorized  the issuance of one Right with respect to
each share of Common Stock that becomes  outstanding between the Record Date and
July 23,  2006 or such  earlier  time as the  Rights  are  redeemed.  Except  as
described below, each Right, when exercisable, entitles the registered holder to
purchase  from  the  Company  one  one-hundredth  of a share  of  Junior  Serial
Preferred Stock A, without par value (the "Preferred  Stock"), at a price of 
$90.00 per one one-hundredth share (the "Purchase Price"),  subject to 
adjustment.  The terms of the Rights are set forth in the Rights Plan (the 
"Rights Plan") between the Company and the Secretary of the Company, currently 
Philip R. Halverson, as Rights Agent.

         Initially,  the Rights  will  attach to all Common  Stock  certificates
representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Right Certificates will be
distributed.  The Rights  will be  evidenced  by the Common  Stock  certificates
together  with  this copy of the  Summary  of  Rights  Plan and not by  separate
certificates  until  the  earlier  to  occur of (i) 10 days  following  a public
announcement  that a person or group of  affiliated  or  associated  persons (an
"Acquiring Person") has acquired,  or obtained the right to acquire,  beneficial
ownership of 15% or more of the  outstanding  shares of Common Stock (the "Stock
Acquisition  Date")  or (ii) 15  business  days  (or such  later  date as may be
determined  by action of the Board of  Directors  of the Company  (the "Board of
Directors")  prior to the time that any  person  becomes  an  Acquiring  Person)
following the commencement of (or a public announcement of an intention to make)
a tender or exchange offer if, upon consummation  thereof,  such person or group
would be the  beneficial  owner  of 15% or more of such  outstanding  shares  of
Common Stock (the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date").

         Until the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferred with and 
only with the Common Stock.  Until the Distribution  Date (or earlier  
redemption, expiration or termination of the Rights),  the transfer of any 
certificates  for Common Stock,  with or without a copy of this Summary of 
Rights Plan,  will also  constitute  the transfer of the Rights associated with 
the Common Stock  represented by such  certificates.  As soon as  practicable 
following the  Distribution  Date,  separate  certificates evidencing the Rights
("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Stock 
as of the close of

<PAGE>

business  on  the  Distribution  Date  and,  thereafter,   such  separate  Right
Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.

         The Rights are not  exercisable  until the  Distribution  Date and will
expire at the earliest of (i) July 23, 2006 (the "Final Expiration Date"),  (ii)
the  redemption of the Rights by the Company as described  below,  and (iii) the
exchange of all Rights for Common Stock as described below.

         In the event that any person (other than the Company, its affiliates or
any person  receiving  newly-issued  shares of Common  Stock  directly  from the
Company)  becomes the  beneficial  owner of 15% or more of the then  outstanding
shares of Common Stock,  each holder of a Right will  thereafter have a right to
receive,  upon exercise at the then current exercise price of the Right,  Common
Stock (or, in certain  circumstances,  cash, property or other securities of the
Company) having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right.  The
Rights  Plan  contains an  exemption  for any  issuance  of Common  Stock by the
Company  directly  to any person  (for  example,  in a private  placement  or an
acquisition by the Company in which Common Stock is used as consideration), even
if that person  would become the  beneficial  owner of 15% or more of the Common
Stock,  provided  that such person does not  acquire  any  additional  shares of
Common Stock.

         In the event that, at any time  following the Stock  Acquisition  Date,
the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or
50% or more of the Company's assets or earning power are sold,  proper provision
will be made so that each  holder of a Right will  thereafter  have the right to
receive,  upon exercise at the then current exercise price of the Right,  common
stock of the  acquiring or surviving  company  having a value equal to two times
the exercise price of the Right.

         Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  following the occurrence of any of the
events set forth in the preceding two paragraphs (the "Triggering Events"),  any
Rights that are, or (under certain  circumstances  specified in the Rights Plan)
were,  beneficially  owned by an Acquiring Person will immediately  become null
and void.

         The Purchase Price payable, and the number of shares of Preferred Stock
or other  securities  or property  issuable,  upon  exercise of the Rights,  are
subject  to  adjustment  from  time to time to  prevent  dilution,  among  other
circumstances,  in the event of a stock  dividend on, or a  subdivision,  split,
combination,  consolidation or  reclassification  of, the Preferred Stock or the
Common Stock, or a reverse split of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock or
the Common Stock.

         At any time after the acquisition by a person or group of affiliated or
associated  persons of  beneficial  ownership of 15% or more of the  outstanding
Common Stock and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more
of the outstanding  Common Stock, the Board of Directors may exchange the Rights
(other than Rights owned by such person or group,  

                                       2
<PAGE>

which have become void),  in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share
of Common Stock per Right (subject to adjustment).

         With certain  exceptions,  no adjustment in the Purchase  Price will be
required until  cumulative  adjustments  require an adjustment of at least 1% in
the Purchase Price. The Company will not be required to issue fractional  shares
of Preferred  Stock or Common  Stock  (other than  fractions in multiples of one
one-hundredths  of a  share  of  Preferred  Stock)  and,  in  lieu  thereof,  an
adjustment in cash may be made based on the market price of the Preferred  Stock
or Common Stock on the last trading date prior to the date of exercise.

         At any time  after the date of the  Rights  Plan  until the time that a
person becomes an Acquiring Person, the Board of Directors may redeem the Rights
in  whole,  but not in  part,  at a price  of $.01 per  Right  (the  "Redemption
Price"),  which may (at the option of the  Company)  be paid in cash,  shares of
Common  Stock  or  other  consideration  deemed  appropriate  by  the  Board  of
Directors.  Upon the  effectiveness  of any  action  of the  Board of  Directors
ordering  redemption of the Rights, the Rights will terminate and the only right
of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.

         Issuance of Preferred Stock or Common Stock upon exercise of the Rights
will  be  subject to any necessary  regulatory  approvals.  Until  a  Right  is
exercised,  the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of
the  Company,  including,  without  limitation,  the right to vote or to receive
dividends.

         The provisions of the Rights Plan may be amended by the Company, except
that any  amendment  adopted  after the time that a person  becomes an Acquiring
Person may not adversely affect the interests of holders of Rights.

         As of July 24, 1996,  there were  31,935,547  shares of Minnesota Power
Common Stock  outstanding.  Each share of Common Stock  outstanding on and after
July 24,  1996  will  receive  one  Right.  One  million shares of
Preferred  Stock will be reserved  for  issuance in the event of exercise of the
Rights.

         The Rights have certain  anti-takeover  effects.  The Rights will cause
substantial  dilution to a person or group that  attempts to acquire the Company
without  conditioning  the offer on the Rights being  redeemed or a  substantial
number of Rights being  acquired,  and under  certain  circumstances  the Rights
beneficially  owned by such a person or group may become void. The Rights should
not  interfere  with any merger or other  business  combination  approved by the
Board of Directors  because,  if the Rights would become exercisable as a result
of such  merger or  business  combination,  the Board of  Directors  may, at its
option,  at any time  prior to the time that any  Person  becomes  an  Acquiring
Person, redeem all (but not less than all) of the then outstanding Rights at the
Redemption Price.

         A copy of the  Rights  Plan is  being  filed  with the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission as an exhibit to a Registration  Statement on Form 8-A. This
summary  description  of the  Rights  does not  purport  to be  complete  and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Plan.

                                       3



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
