-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Bs7HEB8auuDRS3OCW2+zTpnk0nfzpwxFRE5z/K6OuNIwD8uzWg8qAlR5/KTfMlbf
 hrfSOBjp3VxDtD08dlwIDQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000047111-97-000004.txt : 19970227
<SEC-HEADER>0000047111-97-000004.hdr.sgml : 19970227
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000047111-97-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19970226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970226
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERSHEY FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				230691590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00183
		FILM NUMBER:		97544198

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CRYSTAL A DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 810
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033-0810
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7175346799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 810
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL A DIRVE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033-0810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY CHOCOLATE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680401
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FEB 26,1997 FORM 8-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>





                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549



                                    FORM 8-K


                                 CURRENT REPORT


                     Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                         Securities Exchange Act of 1934


         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):  February 26, 1997
                                                            -----------------


                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


     Delaware                        I-183             23-0691590
     ------------------------------------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction       (Commission     (I.R.S. Employer
  of incorporation)                 File Number)    Identification No.)


     100 Crystal A Drive, Hershey, Pennsylvania              17033
     -------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of principal executive offices)                     (Zip Code)


Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   (717) 534-6799
                                                      --------------












Page 1 of 3 Pages


<PAGE>







                      INFORMATION TO BE INCLUDED IN REPORT


Item 5.      OTHER EVENTS

         On  December  30,  1996  Hershey   Foods   Corporation   announced  the
acquisition of the Leaf North American confectionery business from Huhtamaki Oy.
This event was reported on a Form 8-K dated  December 30, 1996.  As part of that
transaction,  Hershey  entered into a Trademark  and  Technology  License  dated
December 30, 1996 pursuant to which Hershey will have the right to  manufacture,
market and  distribute  products  under certain  Huhtamaki  trademarks in North,
Central and South America.  A copy of the License is attached  hereto as Exhibit
10.


                                    SIGNATURE


         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
the  Registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  February 26, 1997


                                         HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION



                                         By___________________________
                                             Robert M. Reese
                                             Vice President, General Counsel
                                             and Secretary












Page 2 of 3 Pages



<PAGE>





                               Exhibit Index
                               -------------

Exhibit No.                     Description                   
- -----------                     -----------                   

10               Trademark and Technology License              
                 dated December 30, 1996 between Hershey
                 Foods Corporation and Huhtamaki Oy.



















































Page 3 of 3 Pages




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>MATERIAL CONTRACT
<TEXT>

NOTE: A LETTER DATED FEBRUARY 26, 1997, REQUESTING CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT OF
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN FILED WITH THE SECRETARY OF THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  INFORMATION FOR WHICH SUCH REQUEST WAS
MADE HAS BEEN DELETED FROM THIS FILING.  PLACES WHERE INFORMATION HAS BEEN
DELETED ARE MARKED AS FOLLOWS: [CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION DELETED].


                   TRADEMARK AND TECHNOLOGY LICENSE AGREEMENT
                   ------------------------------------------


         THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"),  made and entered into as of the 30th
day of December,  1996 (the "Effective  Date"), by and between HUHTAMAKI FINANCE
B.V., a Dutch corporation,  with its principal place of business at Burgemeester
Rijnderslaan  26,  P.O.  Box  49,  1180  AA  Amstelreen,  The  Netherlands  (the
"Licensor")  and  HOMESTEAD,  INC., a Delaware  corporation,  with its principal
place of business at 111 Continental  Drive,  Suite 309,  Newark,  DE 19713 (the
"Licensee").

         WHEREAS,  this  Agreement  is made  pursuant  to, and is attached as an
Exhibit to, that  certain  Stock  Purchase  and Sale  Agreement  (the  "Purchase
Agreement")  dated as of November 23, 1996 by and among  Huhtamaki Oy (a Finnish
corporation and the parent of Licensor),  Licensor,  Hershey Holding Corporation
(a  Delaware   corporation  and  the  parent  of  Licensee)  and  Hershey  Foods
Corporation (a Delaware corporation and a second tier parent of Licensee);

         WHEREAS, Licensor owns the Trademarks (as hereinafter defined), and any
registrations and applications therefor, used in connection with the manufacture
and sale of  confectionery  and other products in the Territory (as  hereinafter
defined) and with which goodwill of substantial value is associated;

         WHEREAS,  in  connection  with  the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated  by the  Purchase  Agreement,  Licensor  is  desirous  to grant and
Licensee is desirous of being granted an exclusive  license for the  production,
manufacture,  marketing,  advertising,  promotion,  sale and distribution in the
Territory of Products (as hereinafter defined); and

         WHEREAS,  in  connection  with  the  consummation  of the  transactions
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, Licensee desires to acquire the right to
use certain technology and technical expertise of Licensor and its Affiliates;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the covenants
and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable

Page 1 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
as follows:

                                    ARTICLE 1
                                    ---------
                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

         1.1.     The following capitalized terms shall have the following
meanings wherever used in this Agreement:

                  (a)  "Affiliate"  of any  particular  Person  means  any other
Person  controlling,  controlled by or under common control with such particular
Person,  where  "control"  means the  possession,  directly or indirectly of the
power to direct the  management  and  policies of a Person  whether  through the
ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise.

                  (b) "Annual  Period"  means each twelve  (12)  calendar  month
period  beginning on January 1 and ending on the  subsequent  December 31 during
the term of this Agreement  (except in the case of the first Annual Period which
shall begin on the date  hereof and end on December  31, 1997 and in the case of
the  last  Annual  Period  which  shall  end upon  the  date of  termination  or
expiration of this Agreement).

                  (c) "Net  Sales"  means  (i) the sales of  Products  under the
Trademarks invoiced to third parties by Licensee or invoiced to third parties by
any  sublicensed  Affiliate of Licensee less any value added,  general sales and
similar taxes (to the extent included in the invoiced price),  sales rebates and
discounts,  including  rebates,  commissions to wholesalers and premiums,  other
price  reductions  and payments to  customers,  rebates to  customers  for price
differences and returns,  provisions for price  reductions and trade  discounts;
plus (ii) the sales of confectionery Products (which shall not include any sales
of  products,  such as ice  cream or  cookies  for  example,  in which  any such
confectionery  Product is an ingredient) under the Trademarks  invoiced to third
parties by any third party  sublicensee of Licensee or invoiced to third parties
by any third party sublicensee of any sublicensed Affiliate of Licensee less any
value  added,  general  sales and similar  taxes (to the extent  included in the
invoiced price), sales rebates and discounts,  including rebates, commissions to
wholesalers  and  premiums,  other price  reductions  and payments to customers,
rebates to customers for price  differences  and returns,  provisions  for price
reductions  and trade  discounts;  plus (iii) the royalties or other  equivalent
payments received by Licensee or any sublicensed  Affiliate of Licensee from any
third  party  sublicensee  for  sales of  non-confectionery  Products  under the
Trademarks  (which shall include any royalties or other equivalent  payments for
sales of products, such as ice cream or cookies, for example, in which any

Page 2 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



confectionery  Product  is an  ingredient  but  only if and to the  extent  such
royalties or other equivalent payments relate to or are based upon the inclusion
of the confectionery  Product in such products).  If any of the Products covered
by clause (i) or the  confectionery  Products  covered by clause  (ii) above are
sold in a manner (such as a package of assorted  candies for example) in which a
separate price for the Product or confectionery  Product, as the case may be, is
not  established,  then the amount of sales to be included in Net Sales shall be
calculated   on  the  basis  of  the   Product's  or   confectionery   Product's
proportionate weight or value, as appropriate in the circumstances.

                  (d) "Patent Rights" means all patents and patent  applications
owned by or  registered  in the name of Licensor as of the  Effective  Date that
prior to the  Effective  Date were used in, or that  otherwise  relate  to,  the
production, manufacture, use, sale, distribution or composition of the Products,
as set forth in SCHEDULE B-1 hereto.

                  (e)  "Person"   means  an   individual,   a   partnership,   a
corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company,
a trust,  a joint venture,  an  unincorporated  organization  and a governmental
entity or any department, agency or political subdivision thereof.

                  (f)      "Products" means:

                           (i)  the  products   marketed  and  sold  as  of  the
                           Effective  Date in the  Territory  by Licensor or any
                           pre-Effective  Date  Affiliate of Licensor which bear
                           or  are   distributed   or  sold  under  any  of  the
                           Trademarks; and

                           (ii) any product or service in connection  with which
                           any of the  Trademarks  is used and which is added to
                           this Agreement by Licensee in accordance with SECTION
                           2.3.

                  (g) "Technical  Information"  means the Intellectual  Property
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement and other than the Trademarks),  including
that set out in SCHEDULE B-2 hereto, which is owned by or registered in the name
of Licensor as of the Effective  Date and which prior to the Effective  Date was
used in, or which otherwise relates to, the conception, development, production,
manufacture,  sale or distribution of the Products, including but not limited to
the following:  ingredients composition and recipes; formulae; standards for raw
materials,  packaging and labeling; quality control standards; and processes and
technical  descriptions  for the  transformation  of raw materials into finished
products.


Page 3 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



                  (h)  "Territory"  means  North  America   (including   without
limitation,  the United  States of America,  Canada and Mexico and each of their
possessions,  territories and  dependencies,  including  without  limitation the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,  Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands and American Samoa),
the  Caribbean,  Central  America  and South  America,  and all  government  and
military  establishments  and  installations  thereof wherever located worldwide
provided the sale of Products first occurs in North America (as defined  above),
the Caribbean,  Central  America or South America.  The Territory  shall further
include all duty free shops  located in North  America (as defined  above),  the
Caribbean, Central America and South America.

                  (i) "Trade  Dress"  means the labels,  packaging,  and related
associated  materials,  including designs and colors, and copyrights  (including
those set forth on SCHEDULE A),  heretofore used in the Territory by Licensor or
any of its  pre-Effective  Date  Affiliates  in  connection  with or  heretofore
relating  to the  Products  and  any  modifications,  variations  or  extensions
thereof.

                  (j)  "Trademarks"  means the  trademarks set out in SCHEDULE A
including any and all registrations  and applications for registration  thereof,
goodwill  associated  therewith and common law and all other rights appertaining
thereto throughout the Territory and any modifications, variations or extensions
thereof, and the Trade Dress associated therewith.

                                    ARTICLE 2
                                    ---------
                                 GRANT OF RIGHTS
                                 ---------------

         2.1.  GRANT OF  TRADEMARK  LICENSE.  The  Licensor  (for itself and its
Affiliates)  does hereby grant to the Licensee,  and the Licensee  accepts,  the
exclusive (even as to Licensor and its Affiliates) authority,  right and license
to produce, market,  advertise,  promote, sell, distribute or offer for sale the
Products  under the  Trademarks in the  Territory  and to use the  Trademarks as
trade names in connection  therewith.  This  exclusive  grant to Licensee  shall
preclude  each of the Licensor and its  Affiliates  from  producing,  marketing,
advertising,  promoting,  selling, distributing or offering for sale any product
or service in the Territory under a trademark that is the same as or confusingly
similar to any of the Trademarks. Except as permitted in accordance with SECTION
3.3(b) hereof,  Licensee  acknowledges  that absent  Licensor's  express written
consent,  Licensee shall have no right to, and no right to authorize  others to,
use  and  Licensee  agrees  not to so  use or  authorize  others  to so use  any
trademarks that are the same as or confusingly similar to the Trademarks outside
of the Territory.  The parties acknowledge that the distribution or transmission
of print and  electronic  media  pursuant to which the Products may be marketed,
advertised,  promoted or offered cannot be controlled in all cases,  and neither
party shall be responsible

Page 4 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



for the  effects  of such  distribution  or  transmission  provided  as  regards
Licensee such media originates within the Territory and as regards Licensor such
media originates outside of the Territory.

         2.2.     GOODWILL.  The use of the Trademarks by Licensee and any of
its sublicensees and the goodwill associated therewith shall enure solely to the
benefit of the Licensor.

         2.3.  EXPANSION OF TRADEMARK  USE BY LICENSEE.  (a) The Licensee  shall
have the  absolute and  unconditional  right,  subject  only to the  limitations
imposed by any of the license or limitation  agreements  referred to on SCHEDULE
A, to use in any jurisdiction  within the Territory any of the Trademarks in any
way in connection with the  manufacturing,  marketing,  advertising,  promoting,
selling, distributing or offering for sale of any product or service in addition
to  those  specified  in  SECTION  1.1(f)(i).  In the  event  of  such  use of a
Trademark,  such product or service shall thereupon become a Product as provided
for in SECTION  1.1(f)(ii)  and be subject to the terms and  conditions  of this
Agreement,  including  but not limited to ARTICLE 4 and 5 HEREOF,  but only when
such product or service bears or has a Trademark used in connection  with it and
solely with respect to the  jurisdiction or  jurisdictions  in which such use of
the Trademark occurs.

                  (b)  Licensee  may request that  Licensor  grant  Licensee the
right to produce, market, advertise, promote, sell, distribute or offer for sale
products in countries  outside the Territory  under one or more  trademarks that
are  the  same as or  confusingly  similar  to the  Trademarks.  In such  event,
Licensor  shall enter into good faith  negotiations  with  Licensee  regarding a
license  for such  additional  country  or  countries  on terms  and  conditions
mutually acceptable to Licensor and Licensee.

         2.4.  GRANT OF  LICENSE TO  TECHNICAL  INFORMATION  AND PATENT  RIGHTS.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,  Licensor (for itself and
its  Affiliates)  hereby  grants to  Licensee,  to the  extent  Licensor  or its
Affiliates  has the  right to do so,  the  following  rights:  (a) an  exclusive
license  (even  as  to  Licensor  and  its  Affiliates)  to  use  the  Technical
Information  and the Patent  Rights in the  Territory;  and (b) a  non-exclusive
license to use the Technical  Information  outside the  Territory,  in each case
without  restriction  as to use thereof by Licensee  and its  Affiliates  in the
conduct of any and all  aspects of their  respective  businesses.  To the extent
necessary,  Licensor agrees to obtain,  at its expense,  for use by Licensee the
aforesaid  rights  from  Licensor's  Affiliates.  Licensee  shall at its expense
maintain the Patent Rights.

         2.5.     TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE.  (a)  During the term of this Agreement,

Page 5 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



Licensor and its Affiliates  shall,  upon the reasonable  request of Licensee or
its  Affiliates,  and  subject  to  the  availability  of  personnel  and  other
resources,  make available to Licensee and its Affiliates the technical services
of  Licensor's  and  its  Affiliates'  personnel  to  advise  Licensee  and  its
Affiliates in the manufacture and marketing of the Products.

                  (b)      Included in such technical services shall be the
following:

                           (i)      technical instruction and consulting with
                                    Licensee's and its Affiliates' personnel
                                    with regard to manufacturing the Products;

                           (ii)     inspections and visits; and

                           (iii)    qualitative analysis.

                  (c)  Technical  assistance  shall  also  include,  but  is not
limited  to,  communicating  information,  advice and  proposals  with regard to
details of the manufacturing  processes and techniques for the Products,  advice
as to premises, purchase of machinery,  installation of machinery,  conditioning
of  premises,   warehousing,   purchasing  of  raw  materials,   transportation,
packaging, shelf life, quality assurance and the like.

         2.6. CONTINUED USE OF PATENT RIGHTS AND TECHNICAL  INFORMATION.  In the
event of any termination of this  Agreement,  Licensee's  rights  hereunder with
respect to the Patent Rights and Technical  Information  shall  continue in full
force and effect and shall not be impaired or diminished, except that Licensee's
rights with respect to the use of the Patent Rights and Technical Information in
the Territory shall thereafter become non-exclusive.

         2.7.  NO  INFRINGEMENT.   Licensor  (for  itself  and  its  Affiliates)
represents  and  warrants  that the  Technical  Information  and  Patent  Rights
comprise all such  information and patents used heretofore by Licensor or any of
its   pre-Effective   Date  Affiliates  in  connection  with  the   development,
production, manufacture,  distribution and sale of the Products in the Territory
and that to its  knowledge the  Technical  Information  and Patent Rights do not
infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.

         2.8.     BANKRUPTCY OR INSOLVENCY.  (a) The rights granted to Licensee
and its Affiliates under this Agreement are, and shall otherwise be deemed to
be, for the purposes of Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, a license of
"intellectual property" rights as defined in Section 101(35A) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Licensee, as licensee of rights under this Agreement, may fully exercise
all of

Page 6 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



its rights for itself and on behalf of its Affiliates under the Bankruptcy Code,
including,  but not limited to,  Licensee's  rights to continue to exercise  its
rights licensed hereunder.

                  (b)  Licensor  hereby  grants  to  Licensee  a first  priority
security  interest in the Trademarks,  Patent Rights and Technical  Information,
together  with all good will  associated  therewith,  to secure  performance  by
Licensor of its obligations  under this Agreement.  Licensor shall cooperate and
assist  Licensee with the  execution  and filing of all  documents  necessary to
perfect and record such grant of security  interest in the Territory,  including
without  limitation,  filings in the United States Patent and Trademark  Office,
all of the  expenses  associated  therewith  being for the account of  Licensee.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  no  security  interest  is granted  under this
Agreement in any Trademark, Patent Right or Technical Information in any part of
the  Territory  where such grant would harm the validity of any such  Trademark,
Patent  Right or Technical  Information.  Licensee  agrees that it will,  at its
expense,  (i)  terminate  all  security  interests  in the  Trademarks,  if this
Agreement is terminated by Licensee pursuant to the provisions of SECTION 7.1 or
if this Agreement is terminated  pursuant to the  provisions of SECTION  8.1(b),
and (ii)  terminate  all  security  interests  in the  Xylifresh  and Storm Mint
Trademarks in the event this Agreement is deemed to be terminated with regard to
said  Trademarks  pursuant to the  provisions of SECTION 5.1.  Licensee  further
agrees that in the event this  Agreement and the  Trademarks,  Patent Rights and
Technical  Information  are assigned by Licensor  pursuant to the  provisions of
SECTION 10.3,  Licensee will release its security  interest  vis-a-vis  Licensor
provided that Licensor and such assignee have  previously  taken all  reasonable
steps  necessary,  at  Licensee's  expense,  to put Licensee in the same secured
position with respect to the Trademarks, Patent Rights and Technical Information
as Licensee was in prior to any such  assignment and Licensee  further agrees to
cooperate and assist Licensor and such assignee in that regard.

                                    ARTICLE 3
                                    ---------
                     VALIDITY AND MAINTENANCE OF TRADEMARKS
                     --------------------------------------

         3.1.     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AS TO TRADEMARKS.  As to the
Trademarks, Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee that as of the
Effective Date:

                  (i)      Licensor is the sole and exclusive owner of the
                           entire right, title and interest in and to the
                           Trademarks, with full right to enter into this
                           Agreement;

                  (ii)     The Trademarks do not infringe upon any registered
                           or common

Page 7 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



                           law trademarks in the Territory and, to the knowledge
                           of Licensor, do not infringe or misappropriate any
                           other proprietary rights of any third parties;

                  (iii)    There are not now pending or threatened any claims or
                           litigation  and to the best of Licensor's  knowledge,
                           information  and belief no basis for any such  claims
                           exist, which would affect the Trademarks;

                  (iv)     Except as set forth on SCHEDULE A, Licensor has
                           granted no other right or license permitting the use
                           in the Territory of the Trademarks; and

                  (v)      To the extent so identified in SCHEDULE A each of the
                           Trademarks is duly  registered  with the  appropriate
                           government  agencies in each country in the Territory
                           indicated on SCHEDULE A with respect  thereto and the
                           rights therein have not been abandoned.

         3.2. NOTICE OF INFRINGEMENT  AND PROTECTION OF TRADEMARKS.  Each of the
parties  hereto agrees to give the other party  written  notice of any actual or
threatened  infringement  of the  Trademarks by a third party in the  Territory,
promptly  after  information  with respect to such  infringement  or  threatened
infringement comes to its attention. Licensee is hereby given the right, but not
the  obligation,   to  bring  suit  or  take  other  action  to  eliminate  such
infringement  or  threatened  infringement  at its own  expense  in the  name of
itself,  Licensor or both itself and  Licensor,  provided  that  Licensee  shall
provide  prior notice to Licensor  when  bringing suit or taking other action in
the name of Licensor or both itself and  Licensor,  and  provided  further  that
Licensee  shall notify  Licensor  promptly  after  bringing suit or taking other
action in its own name.  Licensee  shall not  obligate  Licensor  for,  or shall
indemnify  Licensor  against,  any  costs,  expenses,  attorneys'  fees or other
obligations in connection with any such action or proceeding.  Further, Licensor
shall cooperate with Licensee at Licensee's  expense in connection with any such
action or  proceeding.  Any damages  recovered in any such action or proceeding,
less all  court  costs  and  other  expenses,  including  expenses  incurred  by
Licensor,  shall be for the  account  of  Licensee.  If,  after  learning  of an
infringement of the Trademarks in the Territory,  Licensee  chooses not to bring
suit against such infringer or take other action to eliminate such  infringement
or threatened infringement, Licensor shall have the right but not the obligation
to bring an action against such infringer at its own expense and any final award
or settlement resulting therefrom shall be for the account of Licensor.


Page 8 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



         3.3. MAINTENANCE OF TRADEMARKS. (a) Licensee, at its own expense, shall
have primary  responsibility  for the  maintenance of all  registrations  of the
Trademarks,  and shall pursue any applications  for  registration  therefor (and
shall have the right to pursue  registration  of any  trademark  identical  to a
Trademark in jurisdictions within the Territory where such registration does not
exist on the Effective  Date),  on behalf of the  Licensor,  and, in the service
thereof,  shall provide Licensor with such  documentation as may be necessary to
permit Licensor to execute any  applications for  registrations  and renewals as
may be necessary with respect to such  Trademarks (or trademarks) in the name of
Licensor. If the Licensor shall fail to take any action appropriately  requested
by Licensee to maintain or register a Trademark  (or  trademark  identical  to a
Trademark  as  provided  for  above),  Licensee  may,  after  written  notice to
Licensor,  register such Trademark (or trademark) in its own name and thereafter
promptly assign such registration to Licensor. The parties agree to cooperate in
obtaining and maintaining such registrations,  renewals and assignments, if any.
All trademark  rights obtained in accordance with the provisions of this SECTION
3.3 shall be included within the license grant of SECTION 2.1  immediately  upon
such  acquisition  and without the requirement of any further action by Licensor
or Licensee; and SCHEDULE A hereto shall be supplemented accordingly.

                  (b) Licensee may request that Licensor, at its own expense (i)
pursue  applications for registration of trademarks which are the same as any of
the  Trademarks  in one or more  countries  identified  by Licensee  outside the
Territory,  other than  countries  in Europe or Africa,  and (ii) take all steps
necessary or appropriate to maintain the registrations of any such trademarks in
such countries.  In the event Licensor  chooses not to pursue such  applications
for registration, Licensee shall have the right to do so on behalf of and in the
name of Licensor  and at  Licensee's  expense,  PROVIDED,  that  Licensee  gives
Licensor at least sixty (60) days prior written  notice of its intention to file
any such  application  and Licensee  provides  Licensor with an  opportunity  to
review any such application or other necessary materials prior to filing. In the
event Licensor fails to take steps  necessary to maintain the  registrations  of
such trademarks in such countries,  Licensee shall have the right, at Licensee's
expense,  to take the minimum steps  necessary to preclude  cancellation of such
registrations on any grounds provided that Licensee's  activities in such regard
do not prejudice Licensor's right to commence commercial sales of products under
such  trademarks  in any such  country and provided  further that this  sentence
shall not be deemed to confer upon Licensee any  continuing  license to use such
trademarks  in any such  country or to sell or market any such  products in such
country other than as permitted by the foregoing.

         3.4.     MODIFICATION OF TRADEMARKS AND TRADE DRESS.  Licensee shall
have the right to modify the format of the Trademarks and the Trade Dress
associated

Page 9 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



therewith  if in its  reasonable  business  judgment  it  determines  that  such
modifications  are necessary or desirable in any portion of the  Territory.  Any
such modified Trademarks shall be owned by Licensor and shall be included within
the license grant of SECTION 2.1 and shall be considered a Trademark  under this
Agreement without the requirement of any notice to or further action by Licensor
or Licensee and SCHEDULE A hereto shall be  supplemented  accordingly.  Licensee
shall have the right to pursue  registration in Licensor's name in the Territory
of any such modified Trademark in accordance with SECTION 3.3.

                                    ARTICLE 4
                                    ---------
                              STANDARDS OF QUALITY
                              --------------------

         4.1.  WARRANTY AS TO PRODUCTS.  Licensee  warrants to Licensor that the
Products in connection  with which the Trademarks are used shall,  at all times,
conform to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) and shall conform in all material
respects with all laws and  regulations  applicable in the  Territory.  Products
will be produced,  packaged,  advertised  and  distributed  consistent  with the
quality  standards applied prior to the Effective Date by Licensor or any of its
pre-Effective  Date  Affiliates  to the  Products in the  Territory  and any new
Products  introduced  after the Effective Date of this  Agreement  shall also be
produced and packaged consistent with such quality standards. In the case of new
Products which are not confectionery  products,  such Products shall be produced
consistent with the quality standards applied by reputable manufacturers of such
products.

         4.2. INSPECTIONS AND SAMPLES. Licensee agrees that Licensor or its duly
authorized  agent  (PROVIDED  THAT  Licensor or such agent shall have executed a
confidentiality  agreement  reasonably  satisfactory to Licensee) shall have the
right,  on an annual basis at a time to be agreed upon by Licensor and Licensee,
to inspect the manufacturing process utilized to produce the Products under this
Agreement to ensure compliance with the quality standards set forth herein.  The
inspection  shall be limited to those areas of the facilities where the Products
are  manufactured,  and  the  Licensor  agrees  to  such  restrictions  on  such
inspections  as may be required under the  Licensee's  contractual  arrangements
with third parties.  During such inspections,  (i) review may be made of quality
control and manufacturing reports as may be reasonably requested,  (ii) Licensor
or its duly  authorized  agent may take a  reasonable  number of  representative
samples of the Products for quality audit  purposes,  and (iii)  Licensor or its
duly  authorized  agent  may  review  representative   samples  of  promotional,
marketing and point-of-sale  materials for the Products illustrating  Licensee's
use of the Trademarks.


Page 10 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



                                    ARTICLE 5
                                    ---------
                              PROMOTION OF PRODUCTS
                              ---------------------

         5.1. BEST  EFFORTS.  Licensee  shall use its best efforts  commercially
reasonable in the  circumstances  and consistent with  Licensee's  marketing and
sales promotion practices to market and promote the sale and distribution of the
Products  under the  Trademarks in North  America.  It is understood  and agreed
between  the  parties  that  Licensee's  obligation  pursuant  to the  foregoing
sentence  shall not limit  Licensee's  ability  to curtail  or  discontinue  the
marketing,  promotion or sale of Products in the  Territory,  provided  Licensee
determines  that  it is  commercially  reasonable  to do so  based  on the  same
criteria it employs in connection with the curtailment or  discontinuance of the
marketing, promotion or sale of its own confectionery products.  Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary contained herein or in the Purchase Agreement,  in
the event  Licensee  discontinues  promotion and sale of Products sold under the
Xylifresh  and/or Storm Mint  Trademarks,  this  Agreement  will be deemed to be
terminated only with regard to the Xylifresh and/or Storm Mint Trademark(s), and
Licensor  shall be  entitled  to  produce,  market,  advertise,  promote,  sell,
distribute  and offer for sale products in the Territory  bearing said Xylifresh
and/or Storm Mint trademark(s).

                                    ARTICLE 6
                                    ---------
                                    ROYALTIES
                                    ---------

         6.1.  PAYMENT OF ROYALTIES.  In  consideration of the right and license
herein  granted to the Licensee to use the  Trademarks  in  connection  with the
Products,  the Licensee agrees to pay to the Licensor, or to such other party as
the Licensor may  hereafter  direct to Licensee in writing,  the  royalties  set
forth in SECTION 6.2 hereof in the  amounts and manner set forth  therein and in
SECTION 6.4.

         6.2.     ROYALTY PAYMENTS.

                  (a)  [Confidential Information Deleted]

                  (b) In each  Annual  Period  hereunder,  Licensee  shall  make
quarterly  royalty  payments to Licensor  covering Net Sales  during  Licensee's
accounting  quarter no later than  forty-five (45) days after the end of each of
the  first  three  accounting  quarters  and sixty  (60)  days  after the end of
Licensee's fourth accounting  quarter.  The royalty payment for Net Sales during
Licensee's fourth  accounting  quarter shall be adjusted to properly reflect Net
Sales for the Annual Period.  To the extent  permitted under  applicable  United
States  securities  laws,  Licensee  agrees  that  in  December  (following  the
completion of the Licensee's and its sublicensed  Affiliates'  annual  marketing
plans for the Products for the

Page 11 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



following  fiscal  year) of each year it will  advise  Licensor of the amount of
Licensee's  and its  sublicensed  Affiliates'  planned  aggregate  sales  of the
Products  for such fiscal  year and  Licensor  agrees to treat such  information
confidentially.

                  (c)      [Confidential Information Deleted]

         6.3. PAYMENT OF ROYALTIES;  WITHHOLDING TAXES. All royalty and interest
payments shall be made in United States dollars.  Royalties not paid by Licensee
by the date specified in SECTION 6.2 shall bear interest from the date specified
for payment  herein until  actually  paid at an interest rate equal to the prime
lending rate quoted and in effect from time to time by The Chase  Manhattan Bank
or its successor.  All royalty  payments which are required to be made hereunder
by the Licensee to the Licensor shall be made in immediately  available funds at
a bank designated by the Licensor from time to time. All royalty  payments shall
be subject to any applicable  taxes,  if any, which are required to be withheld,
PROVIDED THAT the same are forthwith remitted and evidence of such remittance to
the appropriate taxing authority is provided to the Licensor upon request.

         6.4.  RECORDS  AND  REPORTS.  At all  times  during  the  Term  of this
Agreement,  Licensee shall (in accordance  with its customary  record  retention
policy)  keep true,  accurate and complete  records of total  quantities  of the
Products sold and the Net Sales in sufficient detail to permit the determination
of  royalties  payable  in  respect  thereof.  At the time  Licensee  makes  its
quarterly  payment of royalties  pursuant to SECTION 6.2, Licensee shall provide
Licensor with a royalty  report for such quarter as to the royalty  payments due
for that quarter.  The royalty report shall state, in reasonable detail, (a) the
Net  Sales  for each  Product  in the  Territory,  (b)  total  Net  Sales in the
Territory,  and (c) the amount of royalties due for such quarter. At the request
and expense of Licensor,  Licensee shall permit an independent public accountant
selected  by  Licensor  to have  access to,  examine  and,  with the  consent of
Licensee  (which  consent  shall  not be  unreasonably  withheld),  copy  during
ordinary business hours such books,  records and accounts as may be necessary or
advisable to enable such  accountant  to verify or determine the royalty paid or
payable under this Agreement and Licensee shall render all reasonable assistance
to such accountant in that regard.

                                    ARTICLE 7
                                    ---------
                                      TERM
                                      ----

         7.1.     TERM.  This Agreement shall have an initial term of ten (10)
years commencing on the Effective Date.  Thereafter, this Agreement shall be
renewed automatically without any prior notice to or action by either party or
any of

Page 12 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



their respective Affiliates, successors or assigns for additional periods of ten
(10) years  each,  unless  terminated  (i) by  Licensee  at the end of the first
renewal term or any  subsequent  ten (10) year renewal term on not less than six
(6) months prior  notice to  Licensor,  or (ii)  pursuant to the  provisions  of
SECTION 8.1(b).  Upon any such  termination,  all of the Trademarks shall remain
the property of the Licensor and no rights  therein shall be deemed  transferred
to the Licensee, and Licensee shall immediately cease all use of the Trademarks,
subject to  Licensee's  right to dispose of  inventory on hand as of the date of
termination.

                                    ARTICLE 8
                                    ---------
                               REMEDIES FOR BREACH
                               -------------------

         8.1.     BREACH OF PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS BY LICENSEE.

                  (a)  Licensor  acknowledges  and agrees  that it shall have no
right to terminate this Agreement or any of Licensee's  rights  hereunder except
as expressly set forth in this SECTION 8.1.

                  (b) In the  event  of a  willful  breach  by  Licensee  of its
payment  obligations  pursuant to ARTICLE 6 hereof,  Licensor may send a written
notice  to  Licensee  stating  that it has  breached  its  payment  obligations,
specifying in detail the nature of such breach and requiring Licensee to rectify
such  breach.  If such breach is not  rectified  by Licensee  within a period of
thirty (30) days after receiving written notice from Licensor, Licensor shall be
entitled to exercise any remedies it may have hereunder,  including  termination
of this Agreement.

                  (c)  Notwithstanding  the provisions of SECTION 8.1(b), in the
event Licensee disputes in good faith the alleged breach by disputing the amount
of royalties owed by Licensee pursuant to SECTION 6.2 hereof, such dispute shall
be resolved exclusively by arbitration pursuant to SECTION 8.3 and in accordance
with the  procedures  set forth therein,  and shall,  in no event,  give rise to
Licensor's  ability to terminate this Agreement.  Such arbitration  shall be the
sole and exclusive dispute  resolution  mechanism for resolving such matter, the
parties  hereto   voluntarily   waiving  for  themselves  and  their  respective
Affiliates any other rights or remedies any of them may have in any jurisdiction
to resolve such matter.


Page 13 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



         8.2.     OTHER MATERIAL BREACHES.

                  (a) Except as set forth in SECTION 8.1, in the event one party
determines  that the other party has committed a material  breach of a provision
of this Agreement,  such party may provide written notice to the breaching party
("Breach  Notice")  specifying the material  breach  complained of in reasonable
detail and  requiring  such other party to rectify  such breach.  The  breaching
party  shall then have  ninety  (90) days from  receipt of the Breach  Notice to
rectify  such  breach  or,  if such  material  breach  is such that it cannot be
rectified  within  the said  ninety  (90) day  period  but is  capable  of being
rectified  within a reasonable  period of time  thereafter,  to begin to rectify
such  breach  within  such  ninety  (90) day  period and  thereafter  to proceed
diligently  to complete  the  rectification  of the breach  within a  reasonable
period. In the event that the party receiving the Breach Notice does not rectify
the breach  within the time period  specified  in the  preceding  sentence,  the
non-breaching party shall have the right to invoke binding arbitration  pursuant
to  SECTION  8.3.  Such  arbitration  shall be the sole  and  exclusive  dispute
resolution  mechanism for resolving such matter,  the parties hereto voluntarily
waiving for  themselves  and their  respective  Affiliates  any other  rights or
remedies any of them may have in any jurisdiction to resolve such matter.

                  (b)  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  in the  event the party
receiving a Breach  Notice  disputes  the other  party's  assertion  that it has
committed a material breach of this Agreement, such party shall promptly, and in
any event  within  thirty (30) days after  receiving  such Breach  Notice,  send
written  notice of such  dispute  to the other  party.  The  parties  shall then
commence good faith negotiations to resolve such dispute.  In the event that the
parties are unable to negotiate a resolution  of such dispute  within sixty (60)
days of  commencing  such good faith  negotiations,  either party  shall,  if it
wishes to pursue such dispute,  invoke binding  arbitration  pursuant to SECTION
8.3.  Such  arbitration  shall  be the  sole and  exclusive  dispute  resolution
mechanism for resolving such matter, the parties hereto voluntarily  waiving for
themselves and their  respective  Affiliates any other rights or remedies any of
them may have in any jurisdiction to resolve such matter.

         8.3.  ARBITRATION.  (a) In the event arbitration is required or invoked
pursuant to SECTIONS 8.1 or 8.2, such arbitration  proceeding shall be conducted
under the auspices of the Center for Public  Resources  (the "CPR") in New York,
New York pursuant to the CPR's Model ADR  Procedures  and  Practices,  Rules and
Commentary for  Arbitration.  The arbitrators in any such  arbitration  shall be
persons  knowledgeable  in the industry with regard to the subject matter of the
arbitration.  Both the  foregoing  agreement of the parties to arbitrate any and
all such claims, and the results, determination, finding, judgment and/or award

Page 14 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



rendered  through  such  arbitration,  shall be final and binding on the parties
thereto and may be specifically  enforced by legal proceedings in a court having
jurisdiction over the party in question.  It is expressly  understood and agreed
by the parties that the arbitrators in any such arbitration shall have the right
to order injunctive relief (both preliminary and permanent  injunctions)  and/or
payment of  damages  as the sole and  exclusive  remedy or  remedies  awarded to
either party in  connection  with matters  referred to them pursuant to SECTIONS
8.1 and 8.2 but in no event  shall they have the right to order  termination  of
all or any part of this Agreement.

                  (b) Licensor  shall appoint one (1)  arbitrator,  and Licensee
one (1) arbitrator  within a term of thirty (30) days from the date  arbitration
is  required  or  invoked  pursuant  to  SECTIONS  8.1 or  8.2,  and the two (2)
arbitrators so appointed  shall appoint the third  arbitrator (who shall also be
knowledgeable  in  the  industry  with  regard  to  the  subject  matter  of the
arbitration)  within a term of thirty (30) days from the date on which the later
of the two (2) arbitrators has been selected.

                  (c) If  either  Licensor  or  Licensee  fails  to  select  its
arbitrator  within the term  mentioned  above,  or in the event that the two (2)
selected arbitrators are unable or unwilling to select a third arbitrator within
thirty (30) days  following  the  selection  of the later of them,  then the CPR
shall select such arbitrator  (meeting the criteria set out in SECTION  8.3(b)),
and the three (3) arbitrators so selected shall constitute the arbitration panel
for purposes of the dispute.  The parties shall have thirty (30) days thereafter
to submit their position to the arbitrators. The arbitrators shall be instructed
and  required  to render  their  decision  within  thirty  (30)  days  following
completion of the arbitration.

                  (d)  Each  party  shall  bear  separately  the  cost of  their
respective attorneys,  witnesses and experts in connection with such arbitration
and shall jointly bear the costs of the arbitrators.

                  (e) The parties  hereby  waive any claim to any damages in the
nature of punitive,  exemplary or  statutory  damages in excess of  compensatory
damages,  and the  arbitration  tribunal is  specially  divested of any power to
award any damages in the nature of punitive,  exemplary or statutory  damages in
excess of compensatory damages, or any form of damages in excess of compensatory
damages.

                  (f)      The arbitrators shall be the exclusive judges of
relevance and materiality.  No witness or party may be required to waive any
privilege recognized by law.


Page 15 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



                  (g)  Unless  the  arbitrators  shall  otherwise  rule  in  the
interest of justice,  all direct or rebuttal testimony shall be submitted in the
form of sworn  affidavits,  provided that at the request of another  party,  the
party   submitting   the   affidavit   will  make  the  affiant   available  for
cross-examination.  If the affiant is not made available for  cross-examination,
the affidavit shall not be considered as evidence by the  arbitrators  except if
the  arbitrators  find that the  affiant  is  beyond  the  control  of the party
offering the affidavit,  the affiant is unavailable and the interests of justice
require consideration of the evidence submitted by the affiant.

                  (h)   Notwithstanding   anything  to  the   contrary  in  this
Agreement,  in the event of a breach by either  party of SECTION  2.1 or SECTION
3.3(b),  the other party shall be entitled,  if it so elects,  to institute  and
prosecute  proceedings  in any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  outside  the
Territory  to enforce  the  specific  performance  of such  party's  obligations
pursuant to such section outside the Territory.

                                    ARTICLE 9
                                    ---------
                           SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS
                           ---------------------------

         9.1.     SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS.  The representations and
warranties of Licensor set forth in SECTION 3.1 hereof shall survive for a
period of three (3) years following the Effective Date.  Any other
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement shall survive
indefinitely.


                                   ARTICLE 10
                                   ----------
                     SUCCESSORS, SUBLICENSING AND ASSIGNMENT
                     ---------------------------------------

         10.1.    BINDING UPON SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  This Agreement shall be
 binding upon and shall enure to the benefit of the Licensor, its successors
and assigns, and the Licensee, its successors and assigns.

         10.2.    SUBLICENSING.  The Licensee and any of its Affiliates who may
 be a sublicensee may sublicense rights under this Agreement without notice to
or the prior written  consent of Licensor  PROVIDED THAT (i) a copy of such part
of any  agreement  pursuant to which such rights are being  sublicensed  as will
permit the Licensor to verify that the  provisions  of clauses (ii) and (iii) of
this SECTION 10.2 have been complied with is delivered to Licensor  prior to the
commencement  of each such  sublicense,  (ii) the  sublicensee  is  required  to
maintain  standards of quality at least equivalent to those set forth in ARTICLE
4 of this  Agreement  and (iii) the  Licensor  shall have the same  rights  with
respect to said  sublicensee  as are  contained in ARTICLE 4 of this  Agreement.
Without limiting

Page 16 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



the foregoing,  Licensor acknowledges and agrees that contemporaneously with the
execution of this Agreement  Licensee will enter into a sublicense of its rights
hereunder with Hershey Foods Corporation.

         10.3.  ASSIGNMENT.  Licensor may assign this  Agreement in its entirety
without the prior written consent of Licensee  provided that any such assignment
is made only in conjunction with an assignment of the Trademarks,  Patent Rights
and Technical  Information  to such  assignee.  Licensor  further  covenants and
agrees  that it shall not  assign the  Trademarks,  Patent  Rights or  Technical
Information  other than in  conjunction  with its  assignment  of its rights and
obligations  under this  Agreement  to such  assignee.  Licensee may assign this
Agreement (other than its obligations pursuant to SECTION 6.2(c), and other than
its rights and  obligations  pursuant to SECTION  3.3(b)  unless,  in the latter
case, such assignment is with respect to this Agreement as a whole), in whole or
in part  (including,  without  limitation,  assignment of Licensee's  rights and
obligations  under this Agreement with respect to one or more of the Trademarks)
with  respect to the United  States as a whole,  Canada as a whole,  Mexico as a
whole  and/or the rest of the  Territory as a whole,  without the prior  written
consent of Licensor,  provided that any such  assignee  enters into an agreement
with  Licensor,  in a form  reasonably  acceptable to Licensor,  assuming all of
Licensee's  rights and obligations  under this Agreement,  and provided  further
that (a) Hershey Foods Corporation guarantees such assignee's performance of its
obligations under this Agreement; or (b)(i) such assignee has at the time of the
assignment  a net  worth  of not  less  than  $500  million  (for  assignees  of
Licensee's  rights and obligations  under this Agreement in the entire Territory
or in the United States as a whole) or $200 million (for assignees of Licensee's
rights and  obligations  under this Agreement in Canada as a whole,  Mexico as a
whole and/or the rest of the Territory as a whole),  and (ii) Licensor,  after a
reasonable and prompt good faith inquiry,  has not determined that such assignee
would be likely to adversely affect the good will, public perception or value of
the Trademarks,  or that such assignment  would adversely affect the performance
of the obligations of the licensee hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                                   ----------
                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

         11.1. ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.  Each party represents
and warrants to the other that the execution,  delivery and  performance by such
party of this  Agreement  have been duly  authorized by all necessary  corporate
action and all governmental  consents,  approvals and authorizations (except for
any of such which are not  material  to such  party's  ability  to  perform  its
obligations  under this  Agreement)  required in connection with such execution,
delivery and performance have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

Page 17 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




         11.2.    RECORDAL.  The parties hereto shall cooperate in connection
with the recording of this Agreement or a summary thereof in those countries of
the Territory where such recordal is requested by Licensee in accordance with
applicable law.

         11.3.  WAIVER.  Failure or delay of either party at any time to require
performance of any provisions under this Agreement shall not affect the right of
such party to require full  performance  thereafter and a waiver by either party
of a breach of any provision of this Agreement  shall not be taken or held to be
a waiver of any further or similar breach or as nullifying the  effectiveness of
such provision.  A waiver of any provision  hereunder shall be effective only if
such  waiver is in writing and signed by the party  against  whom such waiver is
sought to be enforced.  Failure or delay on the part of either party to exercise
any right, remedy, power or privilege provided for herein shall not operate as a
waiver  thereof,  nor shall any single or partial  exercise  of any such  right,
remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other rights, remedy, power or privilege.

         11.4. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement
and understanding  between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, representations, understandings
and agreements,  whether oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to
such subject matter. This Agreement may be altered,  modified or amended only by
a written document signed by the parties hereto.

         11.5.  SEVERABILITY.  In the event that any clause,  term or  provision
hereof  is  determined  by any  court  or  administrative  agency  of  competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability  of the  remaining  provisions  hereof  will  not  in any  way be
affected or impaired thereby.

         11.6. FORCE MAJEURE.  Any delays in or failure of performance by either
party under this Agreement shall not be considered a breach hereof if such delay
or failure is occasioned by an event beyond the reasonable  control of the party
affected  ("force  majeure"),  PROVIDED THAT the Licensee  shall  continue to be
obligated to pay to the  Licensor  any and all amounts  which it shall have duly
become  obligated to pay in accordance with the terms of this Agreement prior to
the  occurrence  of such an event,  and  FURTHER  PROVIDED  THAT any party whose
performance  is so delayed shall give prompt  notice  thereof to the other party
and  shall  use all  reasonable  endeavors  to  comply  with  the  terms of this
Agreement as soon as possible.  Force  majeure in this  context  shall  include,
without limitation,  acts of government, acts of God, fires, floods, explosions,
riots, civil disturbances, strikes, insurrections,  earthquakes, wars, rebellion
and

Page 18 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



epidemics.

         11.7.  NOTICES.  Any notice  referred to in this Agreement may be given
either (i) by first  class  certified  or  registered  airmail,  return  receipt
requested, postage prepaid, or (ii) by means of electronic recorded transmission
whereby  the  party  giving  such  notice   receives  an  immediate   electronic
acknowledgment of receipt from the recipient. Any such notice shall be deemed to
be properly  given and served  when  received.  Notices  shall be in English and
addressed to the parties as follows:

                           If to the Licensor:
                           -------------------
                           Huhtamaki Finance B.V.
                           Burgemeester Rijnderslaan 26
                           P.O. Box 49
                           1180 AA Amstelreen
                           The Netherlands
                           Attention: Managing Director
                           ----------

                           with a copy to:
                           ---------------
                           Huhtamaki Oy
                           Etelaranta 8
                           00130 Helsinki
                           Finland
                           Attention: Executive Vice President
                           ----------

                           If to the Licensee:
                           -------------------
                           Homestead, Inc.
                           111 Continental Drive, Suite 309
                           Newark, Delaware 19713
                           Attention: President
                           ----------

                           with a copy to:
                           ---------------
                           Hershey Foods Corporation
                           100 Crystal A Drive
                           Hershey, Pennsylvania  17033-0810
                           Attention:  Vice President, General Counsel and
                           ----------  Secretary


                 Either party may from time to time  designate by written notice
to the other party  another  address  which it desires to be used for service of
notices hereunder in lieu of such address.

         11.8.     PERFORMANCE BY AFFILIATES.  Where performance of Licensor's
 or Licensee's duties or obligations under this Agreement requires or involves
 action

Page 19 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



by any of their  respective  Affiliates,  Licensor or Licensee,  as appropriate,
shall secure such performance by such Affiliate.

         11.9.  APPLICABLE LAW. This Agreement and the legal  relations  between
the parties  hereto  shall,  in all  respects,  be  interpreted,  construed  and
governed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference
to the choice of law  principles of such laws (other than Section  5-1401 of the
New York General Obligations Law).

         11.10.   EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION.  Any disputes arising out of or
relating to this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively as provided in ARTICLE
8 hereof.

         11.11.   COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which
shall be deemed to have been executed simultaneously.

Page 20 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Agreement, as of the day and year first above written.

HUHTAMAKI FINANCE B.V.                      HOMESTEAD, INC.

By:                                               By:
Name:                                             Name:
Title:                                            Title:


         STATE OF NEW YORK          )
         COUNTY OF NEW YORK         )  ss.:

          On this 30th day of December,  1996, there appeared before me Eero Aho
and Juha Salonen  personally known to me, who acknowledged  that they signed the
foregoing  Assignment as his/her  voluntary act and deed on behalf and with full
authority of Huhtamaki Finance B.V.

         [SEAL]                                      __________________________
                                                              Notary Public



         STATE OF DELAWARE          )
         COUNTY OF NEW CASTLE       )   ss.:

         On this 19th day of December,  1996,  there appeared  before me Anne L.
Cornelius,  personally  known  to me,  who  acknowledged  that  she  signed  the
foregoing  assignment as his/her  voluntary act and deed on behalf and with full
authority of Homestead, Inc.

         [SEAL]                                      ___________________________
                                                              Notary Public


Page 21 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




         SCHEDULE A TO TRADEMARK AND TECHNOLOGY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

I.       TRADEMARK REGISTRATIONS AND APPLICATIONS

         I.A.
====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckle                           Canada                                    119,607              177/39240   Not Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                          Canada                                    208,126              UCA/38130   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                          Canada                                    314,839                164,092   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                          El Salvador                               2018-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                          US                                        543,769                515,075   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                          Venezuela                                                        72170-F   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles & Design                 Mexico                                    148,178                443,047   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles Canadian                 Canada                                    276,171                157,169   Not in use
Jells                                                                                                        Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good & Plenty                     Mexico                                                           417,351   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good & Plenty (Word               US                                     73/383,882              1,289,249   Active
Mark)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good & Plenty and                 US                                     73/388,195              1,328,776   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity                    Brazil                                818.635.525                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity                    Mexico                                     38,035                429,720   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity &                  Canada                                    391,256                214,013   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity &                  US                                     72/119,890                742,450   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity (Word              US                                     74/339,897              1,838,788   Active
Mark)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity Fruit              US                                     74/340,041              1,825,329   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty                   Canada                                    137,338                 43,049   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                 Venezuela                                                         86151F   Not in use
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty                   US                                     71/251,282                243,197   Active
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Argentina                               1,868,984              1,501,739   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Bolivia                                      3154                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark)                 Brazil                                819.116.343                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark)                 Canada                                    713,264                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Chile                                     308,547                495.915   Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark)                 Costa Rica                                2634-95                  95035   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Dominican                                                         81,702   Active
                                  Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Ecuador                                    56,350                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Guatemala                                 4856-90                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Haiti                                      1190-Q                          Pending


Page 22 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Honduras                                  3145/96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark)                 Panama                                      76890                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Peru                                      267,763                017,735   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Trinidad                                   25,127                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             US                                     73/576,246              1,404,302   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                             Venezuela                                 8739-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath & Design                    Brazil                                818.775.297                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath & Design                    Canada                                    713,251                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath & Design                    Mexico                                    130,114                422,668   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath & Design                    US                                     72/209,856                793,753   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Oval) Design               Canada                                    351,258                187,955   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Stylized)                  US                                     73/575,151              1,403,352   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Vertical)                  US                                     72/199,902                799,191   Not in use
Design                                                                                                       Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Almond Toffee               US                                     72/019,968                675,751   Not in use
Chips & Design                                                                                               Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Bits                        US                                     73/796,350              1,572,237   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Double Dip                  US                                     72/019,967                673,677   Not in use
Almond Toffee Chips &                                                                                        Abandoned
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath English Toffee              US                                     72/183,838                782,609   Not in use
Miniatures & Design                                                                                          Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Sensations                  Canada                                    720,659                432,746   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Toffee Crunch &             US                                        181,777                788,228   Not in use
Design                                                                                                       Abandoned
(from the makers of)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath Toffee Premium &            US                                     72/073,016                699,499   Not in use
Design                                                                                                       Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Argentina                               1,966,416              1,584,485   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Bolivia                                      3155                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Canada                                    400,262                253,159   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Colombia                                 94-21345                182.524   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Costa Rica                                2639-95                  95036   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Dominican                                                         81,701   Active
                                  Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Ecuador                                     56351                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     El Salvador                               2021-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Guatemala                                 4862-96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Haiti                                      1190-Q                          Pending


Page 23 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Honduras                                  3137/96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Mexico                                    127,450                420,571   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Panama                                      76888                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Peru                                      267,761                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Trinidad                                    25130                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     US                                     74/613,413                          Pending
                                                                                                             SOU accepted
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Venezuela                                 2716-96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher & Design            Canada                                    806,453                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher (Script)            Canada                                    400,263                252,228   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     US                                     72/048,749                695,762   Active
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     US                                     74/492,801              1,923,903   Active
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     US                                     74/492,802              1,923,904   Active
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     Chile                                      43,883                393,517   Active
(Word Mark)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                     US                                     74/171,460              1,684,586   Active
(Word Mark)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR & Design                       Mexico                                    127,453                408,947   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR & Design                       US                                        216,045              1,174,430   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR and Design                     US                                     74/384,842              1,821,292   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR and Design                     US                                     74/384,843              1,843,021   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR and Design                     US                                     74/384,859              1,880,538   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR and Design                     US                                     74/386,143              1,877,705   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR Jolly Rancher                  Brazil                                818.763.981                          Pending
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR Jolly Rancher                  Canada                                    814,295                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JR Jolly Rancher                  Uruguay                                   285,260                          Pending
(Stylized)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Malteser                          US                                     72/139,759                761,679   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Malteser (Stylized)               US                                     74/493,274              1,923,905   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                         Argentina                               1,868,985              1,562,946   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                         Canada                                    548,731                382,784   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                         Colombia                                                         169,863   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                         Mexico                                                           421,140   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                         US                                     73/414,847              1,307,327   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Heath and                US                                     73/575,146              1,403,351   Not in use
Design                                                                                                       Abandoned


Page 24 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Original Xylitol Gum &            US                                        765,886              1,552,166   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Argentina                               1,966,413                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Bolivia                                      3159                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Brazil                                818.635.517                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Canada                                    326,408                180,150   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Canada                                    298,811                155,125   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Chile                                                            318,583   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Columbia                                  9421346                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Costa Rica                                2636-95                  95497   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Dominican                                                         81,697   Active
                                  Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Ecuador                                     58354                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            El Salvador                               2023-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Guatemala                                 4859,96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Haiti                                      1185-Q                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Honduras                                  3142/96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Panama                                                           042,001   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Peru                                      267,764                 026419   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Trinidad                                    25134                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Uruguay                                   277,567                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            Venezuela                                                                  Pending
                                                                            8738-95
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday                            US                                     71/416,565                370,705   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday and Design                 Mexico                                    128,851                406,888   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payday (Stylized)                 US                                     73/629,994              1,448,756   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ranchers                          Mexico                                    127,454                463,706   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Bolivia                                      3157                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Colombia                                 94040774                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Costa Rica                                                                 Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Dominican                                                                  Pending
                                  Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Ecuador                                     56348                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           El Salvador                               2026-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Guatemala                                 4854-96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Haiti                                      1183-Q                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Honduras                                  3139/96                          Pending


Page 25 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Mexico                                    127,449                421,139   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Panama                                                           037,310   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Peru                                      267,762                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Trinidad                                    25132                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Uruguay                                   277,566                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           US                                     73/046,842              1,023,366   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets                           Venezuela                                 8740-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets (Stylized)                Argentina                               1,994,518                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets (Stylized)                Brazil                                818,886,390                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sixlets (Stylized)                Chile                                     316,771                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Six 6 Lets                        US                                     72/012,099                644,531   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
                                                                                                             Exp. 4/23/97
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Soft'N Crunchy Heath              US                                     73,575,153              1,436,583   Not Active
(and Design)                                                                                                 Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Storm Mint                        US                                     74/682,803              2,021,437   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Super Crunch Heath and            Canada                                    351,257                210,960   Not in use
Design                                                                                                       Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Switzer                           Canada                                    662,683                411,978   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Switzer                           Mexico                                    136,301                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Switzer                           US                                     73/530,988              1,393,452   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Argentina                               1,990,881                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Bolivia                                      3156                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Brazil                                818.723.505                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Canada                                    317,178                164,110   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Chile                                                            235,965   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Colombia                                 94040775                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Costa Rica                                2635-95                  95049   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Ecuador                                     56349                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          El Salvador                               2016-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Guatemala                                 4857-96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Haiti                                      1186-Q                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Honduras                                  3143/96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Mexico                                     52,224                364,539   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Panama                                                           037,312   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Peru                                      274,870                 023353   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Trinidad                                    25131                          Pending


Page 26 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>





====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Uruguay                                   279,866                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          US                                     72/378,772                965,678   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                          Venezuela                               12.597-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh                         Canada                                    796,033                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh                         Mexico                                                           362,158   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh                         US                                     73/536,600              1,408,117   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh                         US                                     74/405,628              1,898,247   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh                         US                                     74/063,795              1,641,450   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Xylifresh 100                     Canada                                    796,034                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Design (Xylifresh)                US                                     74/497,589              1,927,168   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zag Nut and Design                Canada                                    227,139                100,600   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                            Argentina                               1,868,986              1,501,740   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                            Brazil                                819,132,535                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                            Mexico                                    127,452                427,274   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                            US                                     73/644,768              1,456,733   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut Nuggets                    US                                     74/527,974              1,951,921   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Argentina                               1,868,987                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Bolivia                                      3158                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Costa Rica                                                         95046   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Dominican                                                         81,700   Active
                                  Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              El Salvador                               2017-95                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Haiti                                      1188-Q                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Honduras                                  3140/96                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Panama                                                           041,999   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Peru                                                                       Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Trinidad                                    25133                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero                              Uruguay                                   284,850                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero & Design                     Brazil                                818.763.990                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero (Stylized)                   Chile                                     316,112                          Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero (Stylized)                   US                                     71/312,611                284,982   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero (Word Mark)                  US                                     74/134,098              1,677,789   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero and Design                   Mexico                                    128,852                406,889   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero (Stylized)                   Peru                                      277,213                021,539   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero Design                       Canada                                    337,377                179,572   Active



Page 27 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>





====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero Design                       Canada                                    328,424                174,381   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zero Stylized                     US                                     73/382,275              1,268,127   Active
====================================================================================================================================

         I. B.
<CAPTION>

====================================================================================================================================
<S>        <C>                    <C>                                     <C>                      <C>             <C>
            Trademark             Country                                  Serial #                Reg. #          Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Babakon (Chinese)                  China                                                           304,128   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Babakon (English)                  China                                                           304,031   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Butter Brickle                     Japan                                    46-47138             1,132,352   No use
                                                                                                             Abandoned]
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                           Australia                                                       246,581   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                           France                                                        1,159,955   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                           Germany                                                         936,700   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chuckles                           New Zealand                                                      96,276   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fix & Foxi                         China                                                           284,658   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good 'N Fruity                     South Africa                              791,028                79/028   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Fruity                    Spain                                     811,791               811,791   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty                    Switzerland                                                     404,629   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Austria                                 AM 44,775                79,753   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Denmark                                   3786.74               1632.75   Active
Design
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  France                                    713,643             1,283,320   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Greece                                                           53,147   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Italy                                    34961C74               311,509   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Kuwait                                       7383                  6763   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Morocco                                                           25168   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Norway                                    119,846               100,993   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  South Africa                              743,653               74/3643   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Good and Plenty &                  Sweden                                    412,074               151,584   Active
Device
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath                              Australia                                                                 Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark -                 Japan                                       89972             2,257,870   Active
English and Japanese
Version)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark)                  Korea                                     8974/87               159,844   Active


Page 28 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>




====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Heath (Word Mark -                 Japan                                       53702             2,257,869   Active
English Version)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jawbreaker                         Spain                                                         1,148,850   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                      Australia                                A209,273              A209,273   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jolly Rancher                      New Zealand                               204,847               204,847   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
K&L                                France                                                        1,513,720   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf                               Columbia                                  9421344                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf                               Haiti                                      1182-Q                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf                               Honduras                                  3141/96                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf                               Sarawak                                                          20,865   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf                               Trinidad                                    25135                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf & Design                      Brazil                                                                    Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf & Design                      Canada                                    449,281               265,222   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf & Design (Sail                US                                                                        Pending
Logo)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Sail) & Design               Canada                                    810,952                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Sail Design               Costa Rica                                2633-95                 95130   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Sail) Logo                   Mexico                                    259,917                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Stylized)                    US                                        232,713             1,721,896   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   Australia                                                       191,101   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   Canada                                    343,897               182,207   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   China                                                           284,656   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   Ecuador                                     58352                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   Mexico                                                          362,098   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   Peru                                      272,671               019,358   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   US                                        232,082             1,713,643   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word Mark)                   US                                        627/690               568,914   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word)                        Argentina                               1,994,517                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word)                        Bolivia                                      3160                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word)                        Dominican                                                        81,694   Active
                                   Republic
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word)                        Guatemala                                 6345-95                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf (Word)                        US                                     74/574,460             1,929,624   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Design                    US                                     74-288,392             1,795,167   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Design                    Venezuela                                18.62-95                         Pending


Page 29 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>





====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Device (Leaf              China                                                           678,270   Active
Wrapper Peppermint)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Device (Leaf              China                                                           678,277   Active
Wrapper Spearmint)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf and Device (Leaf              China                                                           678,269   Active
Wrapper Strawberry)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Logo                          Australia                                                       341,576   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Logo                          Puerto Rico                                                      14,373   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Logo (Rectangle)              China                                                           699,476   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Logo (Rectangle)              China                                                           699,162   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Rain BLO (Word                Chile                                                           375,668   Active
Mark)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Set                           US                                     74/572,458                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Set (Stylized)                US                                     74/283,975             1,789,339   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Set (Word Mark)               US                                     74/283,975             1,789,340   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Whoppers                      Australia                                 359,585               359,585   Not Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Whoppers                      US                                        102,671               737,243   Not Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lo Chocolate                       US                                     74/629,828                         Abandoned ITU
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lo Lite                            US                                     75/024,112                         Abandoned ITU
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Longlife (Chinese)                 China                                                           304,127   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Longlife (English)                 China                                                           284,660   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maple Leaf                         Canada                                    445,816               258,454   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Australia                                A209,274              A209,274   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Denmark                                                     06.371/1989   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Estonia                                  95 02464                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Finland                                                         106,549   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Latvia                                  M-95-1808                         Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Norway                                                          135,511   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Poland                                                                    Pending
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          Sweden                                                          215,404   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds                          UK                                        881,111               881,111   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds (Cyrillic                Russia                                   95714006                         Pending
Version)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Milk Duds (English                 Russia                                   95714007                         Pending
Version)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Australia                                                       341,576   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Benelux                                                         365,311   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Brazil                                       4391            800,043,91   Abandoned


Page 30 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Canada                                    449,281               265,222   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      China                                                           293,140   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Denmark                                                         0747/83   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      France                                                        1,134,007   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Lichenstein                                                        5908   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Philippines                                                      35,116   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Singapore                                                        122/80   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      South Africa                                                   B79/6921   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Malaysia                                                        M/84984   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Leaf Logo                      Sabah                                                           S/25568   Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAL (Chinese Version)              China                                                           340,658   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAL (English Version)              China                                                           284,652   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAL                                Germany                                                                   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAL                                Ireland                                                                   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PAL                                UK                                                                        Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pine Brothers                      Benelux                                                         095,915   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pine Brothers                      Denmark                                                        701,1982   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pine Brothers                      Norway                                                          110,168   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pine Brothers                      Sweden                                                          178,278   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pine Brothers                      Denmark                                                        701,1982   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           France                                    396,140              1591,405   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Germany                                                       1,016,560   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           New Zealand                                                     184,660   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Malaysia                                                        M/84983   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Philippines                                                      34,203   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Sabah                                                                --   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Sarawak                                                          20,864   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           Singapore                                                        123/80   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rain Blo                           South Africa                                                    79/6932   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rocket                             France                                                          293,138   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned


Page 31 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>





====================================================================================================================================
<S>   <C>                          <C>                                       <C>                   <C>          <C>
       Trademark                   Country                                   Serial #              Reg. #       Status
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rothchilds                         W. Germany                                                      999,811   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rothchild                          South Africa                                                    B741697   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sportlife                          China                                                           284,657   [Active]
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sportlife                          Mexico                                                          352,846   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Super Bubble                       China                                                           284,659   [Active]
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Super Bubble (Chinese              China                                                           340,659   Active
Version)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tivoli                             US                                     74/045,856             1,766,061   Not in use
                                                                                                             Abandoned
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trio                               France                                                          284,659   [Active]
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           Brunei                                                             9231   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           China                                                           407,355   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           Denmark                                                          341/81   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           France                                                        1,513,721   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           Malaysia                                MA/733/91             MA/733/91   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           New Zealand                                                    B176,082   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           Sarawak                                                          19,698   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           Singapore                                                       S/80273   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Whoppers                           South Africa                                                    79/6922   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zag nut                            Australia                                                       209,280   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Denmark                               07.680/1989           06.370/1989   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Finland                                                         106,551   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Japan                                                         2,241,675   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Norway                                                          135,512   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Sweden                                                          215,185   Active
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Taiwan                                                          407,468   Active

- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zagnut                             Taiwan                                                          407,356   Active
====================================================================================================================================
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

====================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


I.C.     UNREGISTERED TRADEMARK

         CHOO CHOO CHARLIE AND DESIGN



Page 32 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>
II.      COPYRIGHTS

         Kk 179,128 Issued 2/11/1964
         Renewed 2/21/1992 Renewal #602 185
         Title: Milk chocolate covered english toffee miniatures
         Author: L.S. Heath & Sons, Inc.

         Kk 3471 Issued 1/5/1941
         Renewed 3/28/1968 Renewal #432 857
         Title: Label - Heath Toffee-Ettes
         Author: Bayard E. Heath

         No. 15988 Issued 9/1/1936
         Renewed 9/4/1963 Renewal #322 471
         Title: Heath English Toffee
         Author: L.S. Heath & Sons, Inc.

         VA 595 683 Issued 11/5/1993
         Title: Good 'N Fruity Candy Box Package
         Author: Leaf, Inc.
         Renewal Due: 11/5/2003



III.  LIMITATIONS/LICENSE AGREEMENTS

         [Confidential Information Deleted]

         SCHEDULE B TO TRADEMARK AND TECHNOLOGY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

I.       PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS

         1.       United States Patent Number 5,139,797
                  Granted August 18, 1992
                  Inventors: Robert Huzinec, Terry Schindeldecker
                  Assigned to: Leaf, Inc.

         2.       United States Patent Application
                  Serial Number 081543,422
                  Applied for October 16, 1995
                  Inventors: Dee Brown, Robert Huzinec, Tom Kearns, Mark
                  Norton, Terry Schindeldecker

         3.       European Patent Application filed relating to the patent
                  application listed in Section 2 above.



Page 33 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>





- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
II.  UNPATENTED TECHNOLOGY AND KNOW HOW
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       [Confidential Information Deleted]
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================





Page 34 of 34 Pages




<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
