-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 LGZme3lZ0BYVzYTFCRC/MbAGlx4SPjsX/0sGVjHcdhEp2faRxdN0nCSQkm2SSUz/
 RVW4jjVNz/og8Z7NA219gQ==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000066756-00-000009.txt : 20000208
<SEC-HEADER>0000066756-00-000009.hdr.sgml : 20000208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000066756-00-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K405
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19991231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20000207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MINNESOTA POWER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000066756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				410418150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K405
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03548
		FILM NUMBER:		524790

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR ST
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2187222641

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 W SUPERIOR STREET
		CITY:			DULUTH
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55802

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINNESOTA POWER & LIGHT CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                       Securities and Exchange Commission
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

(Mark One)

/X/  Annual Report  Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange
     Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999

/ /  Transition  Report  Pursuant  to  Section  13 or  15(d)  of the  Securities
     Exchange  Act of 1934

     For the  transition  period  from           to
                                       ---------     ---------
     Commission file number 1-3548

                              Minnesota Power, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Minnesota                               41-0418150
(State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)

              30 West Superior Street, Duluth, Minnesota 55802-2093
           (Address of principal executive offices including zip code)

                                 (218) 722-2641
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                Name of Each Stock Exchange
          Title of Each Class                      on Which Registered
          -------------------                   ---------------------------


      Common Stock, without par value             New York Stock Exchange

 5% Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value
             $100 per share                       American Stock Exchange

 8.05% Cumulative Quarterly Income Preferred
 Securities of MP&L Capital I, a subsidiary
       of Minnesota Power, Inc.                   New York Stock Exchange

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                       Preferred Stock, without par value

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes   /X/         No   / /

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. /X/

The aggregate  market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates on January 31,
2000 was $1,253,552,320.

As of January 31, 2000 there were  73,492,184  shares of Minnesota  Power,  Inc.
Common Stock, without par value, outstanding.

                      Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2000 Annual Meeting of Shareholders  are
incorporated by reference in Part III.

                                                           Minnesota Power, Inc.
<PAGE>
TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I                                                                   PAGE

Item 1.    Business                                                        1
           Electric Services                                               2
             Electric Sales                                                3
             Purchased Power and Capacity Sales                            5
             Fuel                                                          6
             Regulatory Issues                                             6
             Competition                                                   9
             Franchises                                                   10
             Environmental Matters                                        10
           Automotive Services                                            12
             Competition                                                  13
             Environmental Matters                                        14
           Water Services                                                 14
             Regulatory Issues                                            14
             Competition                                                  15
             Franchises                                                   15
             Environmental Matters                                        15
           Investments                                                    16
             Environmental Matters                                        16
           Executive Officers of the Registrant                           17
Item 2.    Properties                                                     18
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings                                              18
Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders            18

PART II

Item 5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
            Stockholder Matters                                           19
Item 6.    Selected Financial Data                                        20
Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
            and Results of Operations                                     22
             Consolidated Overview                                        22
             1999 Compared to 1998                                        23
             1998 Compared to 1997                                        24
             Outlook                                                      25
             Liquidity and Capital Resources                              26
             Capital Requirements                                         27
             Market Risk                                                  27
             New Accounting Standards                                     28
             Year 2000                                                    28
Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     28
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                    28
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
            and Financial Disclosure                                      28

PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant             29
Item 11.   Executive Compensation                                         29
Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
            and Management                                                29
Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                 29

PART IV

Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports
            on Form 8-K                                                   30
SIGNATURES                                                                34

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                         35

i    Minnesota Power, Inc.
<PAGE>
DEFINITIONS

The following abbreviations or acronyms are used in the text.

 Abbreviation or Acronym      Term
 -----------------------      --------------------------------------------------

 ACE                          ACE Limited
 ADESA                        ADESA Corporation
 ADT                          ADT Automotive, Inc.
 AFC                          Automotive Finance Corporation
 Americas' Water              Americas' Water Services Corporation
 AutoVIN                      AutoVIN, Inc.
 BNI Coal                     BNI Coal, Ltd.
 Boswell                      Boswell Energy Center
 Capital Re                   Capital Re Corporation
 CIP                          Conservation Improvement Program(s)
 Common Stock                 Minnesota Power, Inc. Common Stock
 Company                      Minnesota Power, Inc. and its Subsidiaries
 DOC                          Minnesota Department of Commerce
 DRIP                         Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan
 EPA                          Environmental Protection Agency
 ESOP                         Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 FERC                         Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
 Florida Water                Florida Water Services Corporation
 Form 10-K                    Minnesota Power's Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Form 10-Q                    Minnesota Power's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 FPSC                         Florida Public Service Commission
 Great Rigs                   Great Rigs Incorporated
 Heater                       Heater Utilities, Inc.
 Hibbard                      M.L. Hibbard Station
 ISI                          Instrumentation Services, Inc.
 kWh                          Kilowatthour(s)
 Laskin                       Laskin Energy Center
 Lehigh                       Lehigh Acquisition Corporation
 LS Power                     LS Power, LLC
 Manheim                      Manheim Auctions, Inc.
 MAPP                         Mid-Continent Area Power Pool
 MBtu                         Million British thermal units
 Mid South                    Mid South Water Systems, Inc.
 Minnesota Power              Minnesota Power, Inc. and its Subsidiaries
 Minnkota Power               Minnkota Power Cooperative, Inc.
 MP Telecom                   Minnesota Power Telecom, Inc.
 MPCA                         Minnesota Pollution Control Agency
 MPUC                         Minnesota Public Utilities Commission
 MW                           Megawatt(s)
 MWh                          Megawatthour(s)
 NCUC                         North Carolina Utilities Commission
 NDDH                         North Dakota Department of Health
 Note___                      Note___ to the consolidated financial statements
                               indexed in Item 14(a) of this Form 10-K
 NPDES                        National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
 Palm Coast                   Palm Coast Holdings, Inc.
 PAR                          PAR, Inc.
 PCUC                         Palm Coast Utility Corporation
 PSCW                         Public Service Commission of Wisconsin
 Rainy River                  Rainy River Energy Corporation
 SFAS                         Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
 Square Butte                 Square Butte Electric Cooperative
 SWL&P                        Superior Water, Light and Power Company
 VCS                          Vibration Correction Services, Inc.
 WPPI                         Wisconsin Public Power, Inc.


                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    ii
<PAGE>

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT
UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

In  connection  with  the  safe  harbor  provisions  of the  Private  Securities
Litigation  Reform  Act of 1995  (Reform  Act),  the  Company  is hereby  filing
cautionary  statements  identifying  important  factors  that  could  cause  the
Company's   actual  results  to  differ   materially  from  those  projected  in
forward-looking  statements  (as such term is defined in the Reform Act) made by
or  on  behalf  of  the  Company  in  this  Annual   Report  on  Form  10-K,  in
presentations,  in response to  questions  or  otherwise.  Any  statements  that
express, or involve discussions as to expectations,  beliefs, plans, objectives,
assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always,  through the
use  of  words  or  phrases  such  as  "anticipates,"  "believes,"  "estimates,"
"expects,"  "intends,"  "plans,"  "predicts,"  "projects," "will likely result,"
"will continue," or similar  expressions) are not statements of historical facts
and may be forward-looking.

Forward-looking statements involve estimates,  assumptions and uncertainties and
are  qualified in their  entirety by reference to, and are  accompanied  by, the
following   important   factors,   which  are  difficult  to  predict,   contain
uncertainties,  are  beyond  the  control of the  Company  and may cause  actual
results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements:

     - prevailing governmental policies and regulatory actions,  including those
       of Congress,  state legislatures,  the FERC, the MPUC, the FPSC, the NCUC
       and the PSCW, with respect to allowed rates of return,  industry and rate
       structure,  acquisition and disposal of assets and facilities,  operation
       and  construction of plant  facilities,  recovery of purchased power, and
       present or prospective  wholesale and retail  competition  (including but
       not limited to retail wheeling and transmission costs);

     - economic and geographic factors including political and economic risks;

     - changes in and compliance with environmental and safety laws and
       policies;

     - weather conditions;

     - population growth rates and demographic patterns;

     - competition for retail and wholesale customers;

     - pricing and transportation of commodities;

     - market demand, including structural market changes;

     - changes in tax rates or policies or in rates of inflation;

     - changes in project costs;

     - unanticipated changes in operating expenses and capital expenditures;

     - capital market conditions;

     - competition for new energy development opportunities; and

     - legal and  administrative  proceedings  (whether  civil or criminal)  and
       settlements that influence the business and profitability of the Company.

Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement
is made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any  forward-looking
statement  to  reflect  events or  circumstances  after  the date on which  such
statement is made or to reflect the  occurrence  of  unanticipated  events.  New
factors  emerge  from  time to time and it is not  possible  for  management  to
predict all of such factors,  nor can it assess the impact of any such factor on
the business or the extent to which any factor,  or combination of factors,  may
cause results to differ  materially from those contained in any  forward-looking
statement.


iii    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Minnesota Power, Inc., a multi-services  company  incorporated under the laws of
the State of Minnesota in 1906,  has operations in four business  segments:  (1)
Electric  Services,  which include  electric and gas  services,  coal mining and
telecommunications; (2) Automotive Services,  which include a network of vehicle
auctions,  a finance company,  an auto transport company, a vehicle  remarketing
company  and a company  that  provides  field  information  services;  (3) Water
Services, which include water and wastewater services and (4) Investments, which
include a securities  portfolio,  intermediate-term  investments and real estate
operations.  Corporate charges represent general corporate  expenses,  including
interest,  not specifically  related to any one business segment. As of December
31, 1999 the Company and its  subsidiaries  had  approximately  8,000 employees,
2,000 of which were not full time.

Since the  inception  of the 1996  corporate  strategic  plan,  the  Company has
pursued and will continue to pursue a course of expanding its existing  business
segments.  Acquisitions  have been and will  continue  to be a primary  means of
expansion.  In 1999 Electric  Services  announced plans to: (1) form an alliance
with Great River Energy to combine  power supply  assets and customer  loads for
power pool  operations;  (2)  construct in  partnership  with  Wisconsin  Public
Service  Corporation  a 250-mile,  345-kilovolt  transmission  line from Wausau,
Wisconsin, to Duluth,  Minnesota;  and (3) build a 90-MW natural gas-fired power
plant near the city of Superior,  Wisconsin.  Also in 1999,  Rainy River entered
into a 15-year,  275-MW power  purchase  agreement with a subsidiary of LS Power
which is expected to begin in 2002.  MP Telecom  announced it is  expanding  its
network  through  construction  of a 208-mile  fiber optic  route into  southern
Minnesota.  Automotive Services acquired two new vehicle auction facilities, one
in Des Moines,  Iowa,  and one in Vancouver,  British  Columbia.  Two additional
vehicle  auction  facilities are in the process of being built,  one in Calgary,
Alberta,  and the other near Los Angeles,  California.  A third vehicle  auction
facility in Concord,  Massachusetts, is being remodeled and reopened. Automotive
Services also acquired AutoVIN, the Automated Vehicle Information Network, which
is a provider of field information  services to the automotive  industry.  Water
Services  acquired PCUC in Florida and Mid South in North  Carolina.  Within the
Investments  segment  the Company  exchanged  its  investment  in Capital Re for
shares of ACE and, through a subsidiary,  purchased real estate property in Cape
Coral, Florida.

  Year Ended December 31                             1999       1998      1997
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Consolidated Operating Revenue - Millions      $1,131.8   $1,039.3   $953.6

    Percentage of Consolidated Operating Revenue
      Electric Services
        Retail
          Industrial
            Taconite Producers                          13%        16%      17%
            Paper and Pulp Mills                         5          6        7
            Pipelines and Other Industries               3          3        4
                                                       ---        ---      ---

              Total Industrial                          21         25       28
          Residential                                    6          6        7
          Commercial                                     6          6        6
        Sales to Other Power Suppliers                   9          8        7
        Other Revenue                                    7          9        9
                                                       ---        ---      ---

              Total Electric Services                   49         54       57
       Automotive Services                              36         32       27
       Water Services                                   10          9       10
       Investments                                       5          5        6
                                                       ---        ---      ---
                                                       100%       100%     100%

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For a detailed  discussion  of  results of  operations  and  trends,  see Item 7
Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and Results of
Operations. For business segment information, see Notes 1 and 2.

                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.    1

<PAGE>
ELECTRIC SERVICES

Electric Services  generate,  transmit,  distribute and market  electricity.  In
addition Electric Services include coal mining, telecommunications, engineering,
operating and maintenance  services,  and economic  development  projects in and
near the Company's  service area.  Electric  Services intend to seek cost-saving
alternatives and efficiencies, and expand non-regulated services.

MINNESOTA  POWER provides  electricity in a 26,000 square mile electric  service
territory located in northeastern  Minnesota.  As of December 31, 1999 Minnesota
Power was supplying retail electric service to 126,000  customers in 153 cities,
towns and  communities,  and outlying  rural  areas.  The largest city served is
Duluth with a population of 85,000 based on the 1990 census.  Wholesale electric
service  for resale is  supplied to 16  municipal  distribution  systems and one
private  utility.  In addition,  Minnesota  Power  provides  wholesale  electric
service to its wholly owned subsidiary, SUPERIOR WATER, LIGHT AND POWER COMPANY,
which  sells  electricity  and  natural  gas,  and  provides  water  service  in
northwestern  Wisconsin.  As of December 31, 1999 SWL&P served  14,000  electric
customers,  11,000  natural gas  customers and 10,000 water  customers.  MPEX, a
division of Minnesota  Power,  is an expansion  of the  Company's  inter-utility
marketing  group  which has been a buyer and seller of  capacity  and energy for
over 25 years in the  wholesale  power  market.  The customers of MPEX are other
power  suppliers  in the  Midwest  and  Canada.  MPEX  also  contracts  with its
customers to provide hourly energy scheduling and power trading  services.  MPEX
leases an office located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

The  Company  had an  annual  net peak  load of 1,411 MW on  January  11,  1999.
Information with respect to existing power supply sources is shown below.

                                 Unit     Year     Net Winter    Net Electric
1999 Power Supply                 No.  Installed   Capability    Requirements
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      MW        MWh         %
Steam
  Coal-Fired
    Boswell Energy Center
      near Grand Rapids, MN      1        1958         69
                                 2        1960         69
                                 3        1973        353
                                 4        1980        429
                                                    -----
                                                      920      5,554,707   47.2%
                                                    -----
    Laskin Energy Center
      Hoyt Lakes, MN             1        1953         55
                                 2        1953         55
                                                    -----
                                                      110        570,635    4.8
                                                    -----
  Purchased Steam
    M.L. Hibbard
      Duluth, MN               3 & 4   1949, 1951      53         20,953    0.2
                                                    -----     ----------  -----
          Total Steam                               1,083      6,146,295   52.2
                                                    -----     ----------  -----
Hydro
  Group consisting of ten
   stations in MN                        Various      115        730,211    6.2
                                                    -----     ----------  -----
Purchased Power
  Square Butte burns
   lignite in Center, ND                              322      2,326,259   19.8
  All other - net                                       -      2,561,511   21.8
                                                    -----     ----------  -----
        Total Purchased Power                         322      4,887,770   41.6
                                                    -----     ----------  -----
        Total                                       1,520     11,764,276  100.0%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company has electric  transmission and  distribution  lines of 500 kilovolts
(kV) (8 miles),  230 kV (606 miles), 161 kV (43 miles), 138 kV (6 miles), 115 kV
(1,258 miles) and less than 115 kV (6,323 miles).  The Company owns and operates
177  substations  with a total  capacity of 8,531  megavoltamperes.  Some of the
transmission and distribution lines interconnect with other utilities.

The  Company  owns and has a  substantial  investment  in  offices  and  service
buildings, an energy control center, repair shops, motor vehicles,  construction
equipment and tools,  office  furniture and  equipment,  and leases  offices and
storerooms in various localities within the Company's service territory. It also
owns  miscellaneous  parcels  of real  estate  not  presently  used in  Electric
Services.

2    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

Substantially all of the electric plant of the Company is subject to the lien of
its Mortgage and Deed of Trust which secures first  mortgage bonds issued by the
Company.  The Company's properties are held by it in fee and are free from other
encumbrances, subject to minor exceptions, none of which are of such a nature as
to substantially impair the usefulness to the Company of such properties.  Other
property,  including certain offices and equipment, is utilized under leases. In
general,  some of the  electric  lines are located on land not owned in fee, but
are covered by  necessary  consents of various  governmental  authorities  or by
appropriate rights obtained from owners of private property.  These consents and
rights are deemed  adequate for the purposes for which the  properties are being
used.  In  September  1990 the Company sold a portion of Boswell Unit 4 to WPPI.
WPPI  has the  right  to use  the  Company's  transmission  line  facilities  to
transport its share of generation.

Substantially  all of the plant of SWL&P is subject to the lien of its  Mortgage
and Deed of Trust which secures first mortgage bonds issued by SWL&P.

BNI COAL, a wholly owned  subsidiary  of  Minnesota  Power,  owns and operates a
lignite mine in North Dakota.  Two electric  generating  cooperatives,  Minnkota
Power and Square Butte, presently consume virtually all of BNI Coal's production
of lignite coal under cost-plus coal supply agreements  extending to 2027. Under
an agreement with Square Butte,  Minnesota Power purchases  approximately 71% of
the output from the Square Butte unit which is capable of  generating  up to 455
MW.  Minnkota  Power has an option to extend its coal supply  agreement to 2042.
(See Fuel and Note 5.) A large  dragline,  shop  complex and certain  other less
significant  property  and  equipment  items  at BNI  Coal  are  leased  under a
leveraged  lease  agreement  that  expires in 2002.  Certain  computer and other
equipment are leased under operating  lease  agreements that expire between 2000
and 2008. All other property and equipment is owned by BNI Coal.

ELECTRIC OUTLET, INC., a wholly owned subsidiary of Minnesota Power, is a retail
store,  catalog  and  e-commerce  merchandiser  that  sells   lifestyle-changing
electric  products.  The Electric  Outlet  established  alliances with ten other
utilities to market  products with the Electric  Outlet through either a catalog
and/or  the  Internet  CyberStore.  The  Electric  Outlet  continues  to  pursue
alliances with other utilities.

MINNESOTA  POWER TELECOM,  INC., a wholly owned  subsidiary of Minnesota  Power,
provides high capacity  fiber optic based  communication  services to businesses
and communities across Minnesota and in Wisconsin.  MP Telecom customers include
wireless  providers,  competitive local exchange  carriers,  common carriers and
larger   bandwidth   users  such  as   universities,   medical   facilities  and
technology-based  businesses.  In  addition,  MP Telecom  operates a  commercial
Internet  service  provider  business.  In 1999 Murphy McGinnis  Interactive,  a
subsidiary of Murphy McGinnis Media,  and MP Telecom  announced the formation of
an alliance to provide residential Internet access to northeastern Minnesota and
northwestern  Wisconsin.  The relationship will complement MP Telecom's existing
Internet and data management  service offerings to large business and commercial
accounts.

MP Telecom owns or has rights on approximately  1,000 route miles of fiber optic
communications.  These route miles contain  multiple  fibers giving MP Telecom a
total of  approximately  38,000 fiber miles.  MP Telecom also owns  considerable
optronic  equipment that is used to `light up' the fiber optic cable and provide
customer  bandwidth  services.  Most of the  locations  from  which  MP  Telecom
services customers are leased from third parties.

RAINY RIVER ENERGY  CORPORATION,  a wholly owned  subsidiary of Minnesota Power,
holds ownership and power purchase positions in merchant generation,  as well as
provides engineering, and operating and maintenance services to new and existing
generating facilities.

UPPER MINNESOTA PROPERTIES,  INC., a wholly owned subsidiary of Minnesota Power,
has invested in affordable  housing  projects  located in the Company's  service
territory.  This is one of a variety of economic  development projects which the
Company  participates in throughout the Electric  Services service  territory by
providing resources and expertise.

ELECTRIC SALES

The two major industries in Minnesota  Power's  electric  service  territory are
taconite  production,  and paper and pulp mills. As deregulation of the electric
utility  industry  approaches,  the Company  believes the percentage of electric
revenue  from sales to other power  suppliers  will  continue to  increase.  The
percentage of consolidated  revenue from taconite producers,  and paper and pulp
mills is expected to decrease as other strategic initiatives add to consolidated
operating revenue. (See table on page 1.)

Approximately  80% of the ore consumed by  integrated  steel  facilities  in the
Great Lakes region  originates from five taconite  customers of Minnesota Power.
Taconite, an iron-bearing rock of relatively low iron content that is abundantly
available in Minnesota,  is an important domestic source of raw material for the
steel  industry.  Taconite  processing  plants use large  quantities of electric
power to grind the  ore-bearing  rock,  and  agglomerate  and pelletize the iron
particles into taconite pellets.  Annual taconite production in Minnesota was 43
million tons in 1999 (46 million tons in 1998;  47 million tons in 1997).  Based
on  the  Company's  research  of  the  taconite  industry,   Minnesota  taconite
production for 2000 is  anticipated  to be above the 1999 level.  While taconite
production is expected to continue at annual levels of over 40 million tons, the
long-term future of this cyclical industry is less certain.

                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.    3

<PAGE>

Steel imports  continue to depress steel prices and is the critical issue facing
the American steel industry which includes the taconite industry.  Total imports
for the 11 months  ended  November 30, 1999 were 12% higher than the same period
in 1997, the last record year prior to the  unprecedented  import surge of 1998.
Steel  imports are in large part the result of global  overcapacity.  Prices for
1999  continued to be nearly 25% lower  compared to the same period in 1998.  In
1998 the  United  States  imported  a record 42  million  tons of  steel,  which
represented  an 83%  increase  over the 23  million-ton  average for each of the
previous eight years (1990-1997).

Domestic  production  of steel for the ten months  ended  October  31,  1999 was
approximately  87 million net tons,  down  slightly for the same period in 1998.
Capacity  utilization for the industry  during that same period was 82.6%,  down
from 88.2% for the same period in 1998. The continued lower worldwide demand for
steel  produced  in the United  States is having an adverse  affect on  northern
Minnesota's taconite producers and the economy of northern Minnesota in general.
Steel markets in Asia, however, are showing signs of a recovery. A strengthening
global market coupled with continued  strong domestic demand for steel may begin
to bring global supply and demand into better balance.  The Company is unable to
predict the eventual impact of this problem on the Company's Electric Services.

LARGE POWER CUSTOMER  CONTRACTS.  The Company has Large Power Customer contracts
with five  taconite  producers,  four  paper and pulp  mills,  and two  pipeline
companies  (Large  Power  Customers),  each of which  requires  10 MW or more of
generating capacity.  Large Power Customer contracts require the Company to have
a certain amount of generating  capacity  available at all times.  In turn, each
Large Power  Customer is required to pay a minimum  monthly  demand  charge that
covers the fixed costs  associated with having  capacity  available to serve the
customer, including a return on common equity. Most contracts allow customers to
establish the level of megawatts subject to a demand charge on a periodic (power
pool  season)  basis and  require  that a  portion  of their  megawatt  needs be
committed  on a  take-or-pay  basis for the  entire  term of the  agreement.  In
addition to the demand  charge,  each Large  Power  Customer is billed an energy
charge for each  kilowatthour  used that recovers the variable costs incurred in
generating  electricity.  Six of the Large Power  Customers  have  interruptible
service for a portion of their needs which includes a discounted demand rate and
energy  priced at the  Company's  incremental  cost after serving all firm power
obligations.  The  Company  also  provides  incremental  production  service for
customer demand levels above the contract take-or-pay levels. There is no demand
charge for this service and energy is priced at an increment above the Company's
cost. Incremental production service is interruptible.

Each contract  continues past the contract  termination date unless the required
four-year advance notice of cancellation has been given. Such contracts minimize
the impact on earnings that otherwise would result from  significant  reductions
in kilowatthour  sales to such customers.  Large Power Customers are required to
purchase any electric service  requirements from the Company for the duration of
their contracts.  The rates and corresponding  revenue  associated with capacity
and energy provided under these contracts are subject to change through the same
regulatory  process  governing all retail electric rates.  Minnesota Power's key
account  management  process provides  customized energy management and electric
service  to large  commercial  and  industrial  customers.  The  process  allows
continuing  negotiations  with these  customers to explore options to respond to
their needs. (See Regulatory Issues - Electric Rates.)

   Minimum Revenue and Demand Under Contract
   As of February 1, 2000
   --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              Minimum                     Monthly
                          Annual Revenue                 Megawatts
                          --------------                 ---------
        2000               $76.5 million                    523
        2001               $68.7 million                    473
        2002               $58.3 million                    405
        2003               $51.4 million                    354
        2004               $46.1 million                    322
   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Based on projected  operating  levels,  the Company  believes revenue from
   Large  Power  Customers  will be  substantially  in excess of the  minimum
   contract amounts.


4    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
  Contract Status for Minnesota Power Large Power Customers
  As of February 1, 2000
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   Earliest
  Customer                               Location                   Ownership                      Termination Date
  --------------------------             ----------------------     ---------------------------    ------------------
<S>                                      <C>                        <C>                            <C>

  Eveleth Mines LLC                      Eveleth, MN                45% Rouge Steel Co.            October 31, 2008
                                                                    40% AK Steel Co.
                                                                    15% Stelco Inc.

  Hibbing Taconite Co.                   Hibbing, MN                70.3% Bethlehem Steel Corp.    December 31, 2008
                                                                    15% Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.
                                                                    14.7% Stelco Inc.

  Ispat Inland Mining Company            Virginia, MN               Ispat Inland Steel Company     December 31, 2007

  USX Corporation                        Mt. Iron, MN               USX Corporation                December 31, 2007

  National Steel Pellet Co.              Keewatin, MN               National Steel Corp.           October 31, 2004

  Blandin Paper Co.                      Grand Rapids, MN           UPM-Kymmene Corporation        April 30, 2006

  Boise Cascade Corp.                    International Falls, MN    Boise Cascade Corp.            December 31, 2002

  Lake Superior Paper Industries and     Duluth, MN                 Consolidated Papers, Inc.      July 31, 2008
     Superior Recycled Fiber Industries

  Potlatch Corp.                         Cloquet, MN                Potlatch Corp.                 December 31, 2004
                                         Brainerd, MN

  Lakehead Pipe Line Co. L.P.            Deer River, MN             Lakehead Pipe Line             May 31, 2001
                                         Floodwood, MN               Partners, L.P.

  Minnesota Pipeline Company             Staples, MN                60% Koch Pipeline Co. L.P.     September 30, 2002
                                         Little Falls, MN           40% Marathon Ashland
                                         Park Rapids, MN             Petroleum LLC
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

PURCHASED POWER AND CAPACITY SALES

The Company does not buy or sell power on the speculation  that prices will rise
or fall. A purchase or sale is  generally  made to balance the supply or demand,
thereby  capping  the cost of  power or  fixing a  margin.  The  Company's  risk
management policy, contract provisions,  operational flexibility,  credit policy
and procedures  for purchasing  power to cap cost or fix margins are designed to
minimize the Company's risk and exposure in a market with volatile prices.

PURCHASED POWER.  Minnesota Power has contracts to purchase  capacity and energy
from various entities.  The largest contract is one with Square Butte.  Under an
agreement  extending  to 2027 with Square  Butte,  Minnesota  Power is currently
entitled  to  approximately  71%  of the  output  of a  455-megawatt  coal-fired
generating  unit  located  near  Center,  North  Dakota.  (See Note 5.)  Another
purchased  power  contract  with LTV Steel  Mining Co.  for 75 MW extends  until
October 31, 2005. The Company has entered into various  smaller  purchased power
contracts  for the  purposes of meeting its capacity  needs or marketing  power.
Participation  power  purchase  contracts  require the Company to pay the demand
charges for  generating  capacity  under  contract and an energy charge for each
megawatthour  purchased.  The selling  entity is obligated to provide  energy as
scheduled by the Company from the  generating  unit specified in the contract as
energy is available from that unit.

On  September  9, 1999 Rainy River  entered  into a second  amended and restated
15-year power  purchase  agreement,  with a subsidiary of LS Power,  a privately
owned  independent  power  producer.  Under the  agreement,  Rainy River will be
provided the full output of one complete unit  (approximately  275 MW) of a four
unit  (approximately  1,100 MW) project.  The natural  gas-fired  combined cycle
generation facility to be built, owned and operated by LS Power is near Chicago,
Illinois.  Construction of the generation facility is scheduled to begin in 2000
with  commercial  operation  expected  in May  2002.  The  Company  expects  the
agreement  will enhance its ability to serve an expanding  customer base outside
of the MAPP region, as well as enable additional  participation in the wholesale
bulk power marketplace.

Generally,  there will be a charge for both capacity  made  available and energy
delivered by LS Power. Rainy River will be obligated to pay the capacity related
charge as long as capacity is made available.  The capacity  related charge will
be reduced if capacity is not available and  replacement  power is not provided.
Rainy River will be responsible for the purchase and  transportation  of natural
gas. Rainy River will incur no significant  charges until the facility commences
operations.

Rainy River can terminate the LS Power  agreement  under certain  circumstances,
including prolonged construction delays or facility outages.

                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.    5

<PAGE>

CAPACITY  SALES.  Minnesota  Power  currently  has  approximately  300 MW  under
contract to sell capacity to nonaffiliated  utility companies.  The Company also
has entered into various  smaller  capacity sales  contracts for the purposes of
selling surplus capacity or marketing power. Participation power sales contracts
require the  purchasing  utility to pay the demand  charges for megawatts  under
contract and an energy charge for each  megawatthour  purchased.  The Company is
obligated  to provide  energy as scheduled  by the  purchasing  utility from the
generating unit specified in the contract as energy is available from that unit.
Firm power  sales  contracts  require the  purchasing  utility to pay the demand
charges for megawatts under contract and an energy charge for each  megawatthour
purchased.  The  Company is  obligated  to provide  energy as  scheduled  by the
purchasing utility.

FUEL

The Company  purchases  low-sulfur,  sub-bituminous  coal from the Powder  River
Basin coal field located in Montana and Wyoming.  Coal  consumption for electric
generation at the Company's Minnesota coal-fired generating stations in 1999 was
about 4 million tons.  As of December 31, 1999 the Company had a coal  inventory
of about  400,000  tons.  The Company has three coal supply  agreements in place
with  Montana  suppliers.  Under  these  agreements  the Company has the tonnage
flexibility to procure 70% to 100% of its total coal  requirements.  The Company
will obtain coal in 2000 under these agreements and the spot market. This mix of
coal  supply  options  allows  the  Company  to reduce  market  risk and to take
advantage of favorable spot market prices.  The Company is exploring future coal
supply options and believes that adequate supplies of low-sulfur, sub-bituminous
coal will continue to be available.

Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad transports coal by unit train from Montana
or Wyoming to the  Company's  generating  stations.  The Company and  Burlington
Northern Santa Fe Railroad have two long-term coal freight-rate  contracts.  One
contract  provides  for coal  deliveries  through  2003 to  Boswell.  The  other
contract  provides  for coal  deliveries  through  2003 to  Laskin  via a Duluth
Missabe & Iron Range Railway interchange.

  Coal Delivered to Minnesota Power
  Year Ended December 31                     1999         1998         1997
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Average Price Per Ton                   $20.60       $20.37       $20.26
    Average Price Per MBtu                   $1.14        $1.12        $1.11
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Square Butte  generating  unit operated by Minnkota Power burns North Dakota
lignite  supplied by BNI Coal,  pursuant to the terms of a contract  expiring in
2027.  Square Butte's cost of lignite burned in 1999 was  approximately 63 cents
per MBtu.  The lignite  acreage  that has been  dedicated to Square Butte by BNI
Coal is located on lands  essentially all of which are under private control and
presently  leased by BNI Coal.  This lignite supply is sufficient to provide the
fuel for the anticipated useful life of the generating unit. Under an agreement,
the  Company is  obligated  to pay its pro rata share of Square  Butte's  costs.
These costs include the price of lignite  purchased  under a cost-plus  contract
from BNI Coal. (See Note 5.) BNI Coal has experienced no difficulty in supplying
all of Square Butte's lignite requirements.

REGULATORY ISSUES

The Company and its  subsidiaries  are exempt from  regulation  under the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935,  except as to Section 9(a)(2) which relates
to acquisition of securities of public utility operations.

The Company and its  subsidiaries  are  subject to the  jurisdiction  of various
regulatory authorities. The MPUC has regulatory authority over Electric Services
service area in Minnesota, retail rates, retail services, issuance of securities
and other matters. The FERC has jurisdiction over the licensing of hydroelectric
projects, the establishment of rates and charges for the sale of electricity for
resale and  transmission  of  electricity  in interstate  commerce,  and certain
accounting and record keeping practices.  The PSCW has regulatory authority over
the retail sales of electricity, water and gas by SWL&P. The MPUC, FERC and PSCW
had  regulatory  authority over 31%, 4% and 4%,  respectively,  of the Company's
1999 consolidated operating revenue.

ELECTRIC RATES. The Company has historically designed its electric service rates
based on cost of service studies under which allocations are made to the various
classes of customers. Nearly all retail sales include billing adjustment clauses
which  adjust  electric  service  rates  for  changes  in the  cost of fuel  and
purchased energy, and recovery of current and deferred CIP expenditures.

The demand  charge  component  of the  Company's  large power rate  schedules is
designed  to  recover  the fixed  costs of  providing  capacity  to Large  Power
Customers, including a return on common equity. A Large Power Customer's monthly
demand charge  obligation in any particular  month is determined  based upon the
firm demand amount. The rates and corresponding revenue associated with capacity
and energy  provided  under these  contracts  are subject to change  through the
regulatory  process  governing all retail electric rates.  Contracts with ten of
the eleven  Large Power  Customers  provide  for  deferral  without  interest of
one-half of demand charge obligations  incurred during the first three months of
a strike or illegal walkout at a customer's facilities,  with repayment required
over  the  12-month  period  following  resolution  of the work  stoppage.  (See
Electric Sales - Large Power Customer Contracts.)

6    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

The Company also has contracts with large  industrial  and commercial  customers
who have  monthly  demands  of more  than 2 MW but less  than 10 MW of  capacity
(Large Light and Power  Customers).  The terms of these contracts vary depending
upon the  customer's  demand for power and the cost of extending  the  Company's
facilities to provide electric service. Generally, the contracts for less than 3
MW have one-year terms and the contracts ranging from 3 MW to 10 MW have initial
five-year terms. The Company's rate schedule for Large Light and Power Customers
is  designed to minimize  fluctuations  in revenue and to recover a  significant
portion of the fixed costs of providing service to such customers.

The Company  requires that all large  industrial and commercial  customers under
contract  specify  the date when power is first  required,  and  thereafter  the
customer  is billed for at least the  minimum  power for which they  contracted.
These conditions are part of all contracts  covering power to be supplied to new
large  industrial  and  commercial  customers and to current  customers as their
contracts expire or are amended. All contracts provide that new rates which have
been  approved  by  appropriate   regulatory  authorities  will  be  substituted
immediately  for obsolete  rates,  without  regard to any unexpired  term of the
existing  contract.  All rate  schedules and other contract terms are subject to
approval by appropriate regulatory authorities.

FEDERAL ENERGY  REGULATORY  COMMISSION.  The FERC has jurisdiction over the
Company's  wholesale  electric  service and  transmission (wheeling) service.

The Company has long-term contracts with 16 Minnesota  municipalities  receiving
wholesale  electric  service.  Four  contracts are for service  through 2002 and
2004,  while the other 12 are for service  through at least 2007.  The contracts
limit rate increases (including fuel costs) to about 2% per year on a cumulative
basis. In 1999 municipal customers purchased 656,565 MWh from the Company.

A contract between  Minnesota Power and SWL&P provides for SWL&P to purchase its
power  from  the  Company  through  at  least  2010 and  limits  rate  increases
(including  fuel  costs)  to  about  2% per year on a  cumulative  basis.  SWL&P
purchased 547,181 MWh from the Company in 1999.

The Company also has a contract  through 2010 to supply  electricity to Dahlberg
Light and Power Company (Dahlberg), a private utility. Dahlberg purchased 92,414
MWh from the Company in 1999.

The Company's  hydroelectric  facilities,  which are located in  Minnesota,  are
licensed by the FERC. (See Environmental Matters - Water.)

Minnesota Power is a member of MAPP.  MAPP enhances  regional  electric  service
reliability, provides the opportunity for members to enter into various economic
wholesale  power  transactions  and  coordinates  the planning and  operation of
existing  as  well  as the  installation  of  new  generation  and  transmission
facilities. MAPP membership consists of various electric power suppliers located
in North Dakota,  South Dakota,  eastern  Montana,  Nebraska,  Iowa,  Minnesota,
Wisconsin,  upper Michigan,  Kansas,  Missouri,  Manitoba and Saskatchewan,  and
marketers and brokers  located  throughout  North  America.  The electric  power
suppliers are investor  owned  utilities  including the Company,  rural electric
generation and  transmission  cooperatives,  public power  districts,  municipal
electric   systems,   municipal   organizations   and  the  Western  Area  Power
Administration - Billings,  Montana. MAPP operates pursuant to an agreement that
was approved by MAPP members on March 15, 1996,  accepted by the FERC and became
effective on November 1, 1996. Under the MAPP Restated Agreement, any member who
elects to withdraw  from MAPP must first provide a 3-year notice of their intent
to do so.

As expected,  in December  1999,  the FERC  approved a landmark  order  strongly
encouraging  transmission-owning  utilities  to  participate  in large  regional
transmission  organizations  (RTOs) that would be  independent  participants  in
wholesale power markets.  In order to induce utility  participation in RTOs that
have the minimum  characteristics  and perform the  functions  specified  by the
FERC, the FERC stated that utilities that agree to transfer  operational control
over their  transmission  facilities  to such RTOs may be eligible for financial
incentives such as innovative transmission rate treatment.  Unless a utility has
previously filed an application with the FERC to transfer operational control of
its  transmission  facilities  to an approved  transmission  entity,  it will be
required to file at the FERC no later than October 15, 2000 either a proposal to
participate  in an RTO or a description  of efforts that the utility has made to
participate in an RTO and an explanation of the reasons why that utility has not
filed an application with the FERC.

In  December  1999 MAPP and the  Midwest  ISO (MISO)  approved a  memorandum  of
understanding to form a single entity to manage power  transmission over a large
area of the Midwest.  The MISO would serve as an  independent  entity to oversee
the  movement  of bulk power  over the  regional  transmission  line grid and to
maintain  fair access to and  reliability  of electric  service to users under a
single regional tariff.  If consummated and approved by MAPP members,  utilities
in MAPP could turn over control of their own electric transmission assets to the
MISO or enter into coordination  agreements with MISO. A definitive agreement is
anticipated  to be complete by March 2000.  MAPP is also engaged in  discussions
with other regional  reliability  organizations to explore formation of a larger
regional reliability organization. (See Competition - Wholesale.)

MINNESOTA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION.  Minnesota Power's retail rates are based
on a 1994 MPUC  retail  rate order  which  allows for an 11.6%  return on common
equity dedicated to utility plant.

                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.    7

<PAGE>

Minnesota  requires investor owned electric utilities to spend a minimum of 1.5%
of gross annual retail  electric  revenue on conservation  improvement  programs
(CIP) each year. The Company's minimum spending  requirement of $5.5 million for
1999  ($5.5  million  for 1998;  $5.1  million  for 1997)  was  exceeded  by the
Company's  actual CIP  spending of $7.1  million  ($10.3  million in 1998;  $5.8
million  in 1997).  During  1999 the  Minnesota  Legislature  enacted  Minnesota
Power-supported  legislation allowing large utility customers with 20 MW or more
of connected  load at one service  point to opt out of the CIP minimum  spending
requirements. The DOC (previously the Department of Public Service) is currently
reviewing  petitions  by  many of the  Company's  largest  customers  requesting
opt-out  approval.  The Company's  current 2000 - 2001 minimum spending level of
$5.6  million  annually  may change  depending  upon the  success of the opt-out
petitions. If all are approved, the minimum spending level may be as low as $2.7
million annually. The MPUC allows utilities to accumulate, in a deferred account
for future  recovery all CIP  expenditures  as well as a carrying  charge on the
deferred account balance,  $13.5 million at December 31, 1999. Through a billing
adjustment  and  recovered  amounts  included in retail base rates,  the Company
collected  $14.7 million in 1999 ($15.2 million in 1998;  $13.7 million in 1997)
for the  recovery  of this  deferred  account  balance.  In prior years the MPUC
approved the Company's  request to recover lost  margins.  In June 1999 the MPUC
denied Minnesota Power's request to recover $3.5 million of lost margins related
to 1998  CIP  activities.  Lost  margins  represent  energy  sales  lost  due to
Minnesota  Power's efforts to assist  customers in conserving  energy,  and lost
margin  recovery  compensates  utilities  for reduced sales  resulting  from CIP
activities. The MPUC's Order in this matter indicated that denial of lost margin
recovery was based upon the MPUC's finding that: (1) Minnesota Power was earning
above its  authorized  rate of return;  (2) lost margins  were not  successfully
motivating  the Company to increase its use of demand side  management;  and (3)
Minnesota  Power had not met its burden of proof in showing  that the  requested
lost margin recovery was consistent  with law and sound public policy.  Prior to
this decision,  the MPUC had not conditioned  annual recovery of lost margins on
utility  earnings or found that lost margin  recovery in this  circumstance  was
inconsistent with law or policy.  Minnesota Power's request for  reconsideration
was denied.  Upon receipt of the final written order from the MPUC,  the Company
will determine whether it will appeal the MPUC decision.

In December 1999 the MPUC closed its  investigation  into the  reasonableness of
Minnesota  Power's rates.  The limited  investigation  was opened by the MPUC in
June 1999, and required  Minnesota Power to file a report explaining 1998 actual
and 1999 projected earnings, along with an explanation of why rates continued to
be just and  reasonable.  The DOC  recommended  acceptance of Minnesota  Power's
report  (which  was filed in  September  1999) and  recommended  closure  of the
investigation  without any further  action.  On a 3-0 vote,  the MPUC closed its
preliminary investigation and determined it would not commence a full-scale rate
investigation.

MP Telecom was granted a  Certificate  of Authority  to provide  local niche and
inter-exchange  telecommunication  services in  Minnesota  in April  1998.  This
Certificate of Authority governs MP Telecom's  provision of local niche services
on an  intrastate  basis in the State of  Minnesota.  MP  Telecom's  fiber optic
facilities provide the link for both voice and data communications.  These links
are primarily  provided to entities who resell these  services to end-users and,
to a lesser extent, to organizations with private  communication  networks.  The
Certificate  of  Authority  issued by the MPUC was  amended  on April  12,  1999
permitting MP Telecom to provide competitive local facilities-based  services in
certain exchanges in Minnesota.

PUBLIC  SERVICE  COMMISSION  OF  WISCONSIN.  On December 22, 1999 SWL&P filed an
application  with the PSCW for authority to increase  retail utility rates 1.8%.
This average  increase is comprised of a 3.2% decrease in electric rates, a 1.1%
increase in gas rates and a 31%  increase in water  rates.  The  proposed  water
increase is the result of  construction  currently  underway to replace an aging
well system.  SWL&P's  current retail rates are based on a 1996 PSCW retail rate
order which allows for an 11.6% return on common equity.

In June 1999 Minnesota Power announced plans to build a natural  gas-fired power
plant  near  the city of  Superior,  Wisconsin.  The  combustion  turbine  power
generating station will be capable of producing  approximately 90 MW of electric
power and cost approximately $40 million to build.  Combustion  turbines produce
low  emissions,  making  them an  environmentally  advantageous  way to generate
electricity.  The plant will help alleviate a developing shortage of electricity
during  periods of peak  electrical  demand  during  summer  and winter  months,
thereby improving the  dependability of the regional  electric system.  Economic
and risk analysis of the proposed plant is underway.

In April 1999 Minnesota  Power and Wisconsin  Public Service  Corporation  (WPS)
announced  plans to construct a 250-mile,  345-kilovolt  transmission  line from
Wausau,  Wisconsin  to  Duluth,   Minnesota.  The  proposal,  called  "Power  Up
Wisconsin,"  is a direct  response  to  Wisconsin  Governor  Thompson's  call to
address the pressing need for more  dependable  electricity in Wisconsin and the
Upper  Midwest.  Alternative  routes for the line were selected  using  existing
rights-of-way where feasible.  Public  informational  meetings in Minnesota were
held in May 1999 and in Wisconsin in July 1999. An  application  for approval to
construct the  Wisconsin  portion of the line and to determine a route was filed
with the PSCW in November 1999. In December 1999 the PSCW deemed the application
to build the power line  complete.  Official  public  hearings in Wisconsin  are
tentatively  set for mid 2000.  The PSCW is  expected to make a decision in late
2000 based on information gathered at the hearings.  Application for approval of
the  Minnesota  portion of the line was filed with the  Minnesota  Environmental
Quality  Board  (MEQB) in September  1999.  The

8    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

MEQB  hearing is expected to take place in early 2000.  Depending  on siting and
regulatory review and approval, the new transmission line could be in service as
early as December  2002 at an  estimated  cost of between  $125 million and $175
million.  Approximately  $30 million to $40 million of the estimated cost is for
facilities in Minnesota which will be owned by Minnesota  Power.  The facilities
in Wisconsin are being  financed by WPS and may ultimately be owned by Minnesota
Power,  WPS  or  a  newly  formed  transmission  company  being  established  in
Wisconsin.   (See  Regulation  -  Federal  Energy  Regulatory  Commission.)  The
Wausau-Duluth  line is designed to strengthen the regional  electric network and
enhance  reliability  in  Wisconsin,  Minnesota  and  other  parts of the  Upper
Midwest.

The PSCW granted MP Telecom a  certification  as a  competitive  local  exchange
carrier and  alternative  telecommunications  utility  authorizing it to provide
competitive local exchange services in northern Wisconsin on an interim basis as
of June 9, 1999. (See Minnesota Public Utilities Commission.)

COMPETITION

The electric utility  industry  continues to become more competitive at both the
wholesale  and retail  levels,  particularly  in the wholesale  markets.  Retail
deregulation  of the industry is being  considered at both the federal and state
levels,  and affects the way the Company  strategically  views the future.  With
electric  rates  among  the  lowest  in the  United  States  and with  long-term
wholesale and Large Power Customer  retail  contracts in place,  Minnesota Power
believes Electric Services is well positioned to address competitive pressures.

WHOLESALE.  Minnesota  Power's MPEX division  conducts an active wholesale power
marketing business,  including  participation in power and energy markets within
MAPP and other power  pools.  Minnesota  Power  signed a  three-year  agreement,
effective  January 1, 1998,  whereby MPEX provides Manitoba Hydro with exclusive
hourly  power  trading  and energy  scheduling  services  in the United  States.
Manitoba  Hydro and Minnesota  Power also signed a memorandum  of  understanding
that establishes an alliance whereby the two utilities market electric energy in
the Midwest, including but not limited to Wisconsin,  Michigan and Illinois. The
memorandum  strengthens  this  international  relationship  beyond the wholesale
power trading  agreement.  Manitoba Hydro is the fourth largest electric utility
in  Canada.  More than a third of  Manitoba  Hydro's  electric  sales  represent
exports  of  renewable  hydroelectricity  to the United  States and  neighboring
provinces in Canada.

In November  1999 Great River Energy and  Minnesota  Power  announced  that they
intend to combine power supply  resources and customer  loads for joint dispatch
operations. MPEX will provide power trading, energy sourcing and risk management
services for the combined operations.  Ownership of existing assets and customer
supply  arrangements will not change. The companies plan to complete  definitive
agreements  and achieve  full  operation  of the alliance by the summer of 2000,
subject  to  required   regulatory   approvals.   With  the  volatile  wholesale
marketplace  within MAPP,  they expect to mitigate risk in the  marketplace  and
create opportunities for both companies. This, in turn, will help deliver better
value to customers. Headquartered in Elk River, Minnesota, Great River Energy is
a consumer-owned  generation and transmission cooperative and Minnesota's second
largest  utility in terms of generating  capacity.  Great River Energy  provides
low-cost  electrical  energy and related services to its 29 member  distribution
cooperatives in Minnesota and Wisconsin.

MPEX continues to review  strategic  opportunities  for its wholesale  marketing
operations in light of the Open Access Transmission Rules enacted by the FERC in
1996.  The  Company  also has  wholesale  contracts  with a number of  municipal
customers. (See Regulatory Issues - Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.)

RETAIL.  In  April  1999 the MPUC  opened  a  docket  requiring  the DOC to file
quarterly  reports on the DOC's  efforts to develop a  statewide,  comprehensive
program for gas and electric utility unbundling/retail choice/restructuring.  In
the fall of 1999 the DOC  hosted  stakeholder  sessions  for  work  groups  that
addressed the following six areas: (1) consumer issues; (2) competitive  parity;
(3)energy conservation and alternative technologies;  (4) service reliability -
wholesale and retail; (5) unbundling of functions/pricing of remaining regulated
functions and services; and (6) stranded costs and benefits. All six work groups
completed  their meetings with  participants  providing a wide range of opinions
about  restructuring.  The DOC intends to solicit additional general comments on
restructuring, and DOC staff will present recommendations to the Commissioner of
the DOC in May 2000. After the Commissioner  chooses a model for  restructuring,
the DOC intends to solicit public comments and will work with stakeholders prior
to the 2001 Minnesota legislative session to develop a consensus approach.

Other restructuring related activities are underway in Minnesota.  The Minnesota
Department   of  Revenue  is  examining   Minnesota's   personal   property  tax
infrastructure,  and the need to develop a tax code change to insure competitive
parity  within  the  state.  The MEQB,  MPUC and DOC are  reviewing  changes  to
Minnesota   Statutes  necessary  to  make  facility  siting  and  planning  more
responsive to changes that  restructuring  may bring. The Minnesota  Legislative
Electric Energy Task Force has convened technical advisory work groups to assist
analyzing nine broad categories of issues relating to electric  restructuring in
Minnesota.  In addition,  Minnesota  Power has initiated a generic docket before
the MPUC to develop  guidelines for determining  functional  boundaries  between
transmission and generation, and between transmission and local distribution for
all   transmission-owning   electric  service  providers  within  the  State  of
Minnesota.

                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.    9
<PAGE>

LEGISLATION.   Restructuring  of  the  electric   utility   industry   continues
nationwide.  Twenty-four  states  representing  approximately  two-thirds of the
United States  population  have passed  either  legislation  or regulation  that
initiates a process leading to retail  customer  choice.  Neither  Minnesota nor
Wisconsin  (where Minnesota Power serves retail electric  customers  through its
subsidiary,  SWL&P) has passed retail  customer  choice  restructuring  laws. In
2000, utility restructuring legislation will be debated at the federal level and
in Minnesota  and  Wisconsin.  It is  unlikely,  however,  that  Congress or the
legislatures of Minnesota or Wisconsin will enact retail choice legislation into
law this year.  The Company cannot predict the timing or substance of any future
legislation  that  might  ultimately  be  enacted.  The  Company,   however,  is
encouraging  enactment of retail  customer  choice in Minnesota and continues to
maintain its competitive  position as a low-cost and long-term power supplier to
large industrial  customers.  With electric rates among the lowest in the United
States,  high customer  satisfaction,  and  long-term  wholesale and large power
customer retail contracts in place,  Minnesota Power believes  Electric Services
is well positioned for the future.

FRANCHISES

Minnesota  Power  holds   franchises  to  construct  and  maintain  an  electric
distribution and  transmission  system in 82 cities and towns located within its
electric service territory. SWL&P holds franchises in 15 cities and towns within
its service  territory.  The remaining  cities and towns served do not require a
franchise to operate within their boundaries.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

AIR. CLEAN AIR ACT. The federal Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990 (Clean Air Act)
require  that  specified  fossil-fueled  generating  plants  obtain air emission
permits from the EPA (or, when delegated,  from  individual  state and pollution
control  agencies),  and meet new sulfur  dioxide and  nitrogen  oxide  emission
standards  beginning January 1, 1995 (Phase I) and that virtually all generating
plants meet more strict emission standards beginning January 1, 2000 (Phase II).
None of  Minnesota  Power's  generating  facilities  are  covered by the Phase I
requirements  of the Clean Air Act for sulfur  dioxide.  Phase II  requirements,
however,  apply to the Company's Boswell,  Laskin and Hibbard plants, as well as
Square Butte.

The Clean Air Act  creates  emission  allowances  for  sulfur  dioxide  based on
formulas relating to the permitted 1985 emissions rate and a baseline of average
fossil fuel  consumed in the years 1985,  1986 and 1987.  Each  allowance  is an
authorization  to emit one ton of sulfur  dioxide,  and each  utility  must have
sufficient   allowances  to  cover  its  annual  emissions.   Minnesota  Power's
generating  facilities  in  Minnesota  burn mainly  low-sulfur  western coal and
Square  Butte,  located  in  North  Dakota,  burns  lignite  coal.  All of these
facilities  are equipped with  pollution  control  equipment  such as scrubbers,
baghouses  or  electrostatic  precipitators.  Phase II sulfur  dioxide  emission
requirements  are  currently  being met by all of Minnesota  Power's  generating
facilities.  Square Butte  anticipates  meeting its sulfur dioxide  requirements
through  increased  use  of  existing  scrubbers  and  by  annually   purchasing
additional allowances as necessary. Minnesota Power will provide to Square Butte
its proportional  share of the allowance  shortfall from its surplus  allowances
available from Minnesota Power's generating facilities.

Pursuant  to  the  Clean  Air  Act,  the  EPA  has  established  nitrogen  oxide
limitations  for Phase II  generating  units.  To meet Phase II  nitrogen  oxide
limitations,  the Company  has spent  approximately  $2 million on advanced  low
emission  burner  technology  and  associated  control  equipment to operate the
Boswell  and  Laskin  facilities  at or below the  compliance  emission  limits.
Nitrogen oxide  limitations at Square Butte are being met by combustion  tuning.
The EPA decided not to promulgate  nitrogen  oxide  limitations  for the type of
boilers at Hibbard.

The Company has obtained all necessary  Title V air  operating  permits from the
MPCA for applicable facilities to conduct its electric operations.

  Air Quality Emission Permits
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Facility                     Effective Date               Expiration Date
  --------                     --------------               ---------------

  Boswell                      March 24, 1997               March 24, 2002
  Laskin                       May 12, 1997                 May 12, 2002
  Hibbard                      July 14, 1997                July 14, 2002
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Minnkota  Power,  the operator of Square  Butte,  is currently  operating  under
existing air quality  permits and is in the process of  obtaining  their Title V
permit  from the North  Dakota  Department  of  Health  (NDDH).  Minnkota  Power
submitted  their  permit  Title V  application  to the NDDH on August 5, 1996. A
Title V permit is expected to be issued during 2000.

CLIMATE CHALLENGE.  The Company is participating in a voluntary program (Climate
Challenge)  with the United States  Department of Energy to identify  activities
that the  Company  has  taken  and  additional  measures  that the  Company  may
undertake on a voluntary  basis that will result in  limitations,  reductions or
sequestration of greenhouse gas emissions. The Company has agreed to participate
in this voluntary  program  provided that such  participation is consistent with
the Company's  integrated  resource planning  process,  does not have a material
adverse effect on the Company's  competitive  position with respect to rates and
costs, and continues to be acceptable to the Company's regulators.  The costs to
Minnesota  Power  associated  with Climate  Challenge  participation  are minor,
reflecting program facilitation and voluntary reporting of costs.

10    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

KYOTO PROTOCOL.  On December 11, 1997 the United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate  Change  (FCCC),  Third  Conference of Parties (COP) agreed upon a draft
international treaty, the Kyoto Protocol (Protocol),  which, if ratified,  would
call for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. The United States' target is to
achieve a 7% reduction below 1990 emission levels during the period 2008 through
2012. The United States Senate must ratify the Protocol.  However,  the Protocol
does not currently  satisfy the guidance  provided in the 1997 Byrd Hagel Senate
resolution. The Fourth COP meeting was held in Buenos Aires in November 1998, at
which time a schedule was  established  targeting  the January  2001,  Sixth COP
meeting for completion of key treaty detail negotiations.  The Company currently
cannot reasonably predict when or if a climate Protocol will be ratified nor can
it determine the impact such ratification would have on the Company.

WATER.  The Federal Water Pollution  Control Act of 1972 (FWPCA),  as amended by
the Clean Water Act of 1977 and the Water Quality Act of 1987,  established  the
National  Pollutant  Discharge  Elimination  System (NPDES) permit program.  The
FWPCA  requires  NPDES permits to be obtained from the EPA (or, when  delegated,
from individual state pollution control agencies) for any wastewater  discharged
into  navigable  waters.  The Company has obtained all necessary  NPDES permits,
including  NPDES storm water permits for applicable  facilities,  to conduct its
electric operations.

 National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permits
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Facility                         Effective Date          Expiration Date
 --------                         --------------          ---------------
 Boswell                          February 4, 1993        December 31, 1997 (a)
 Laskin                           April 27, 1999          February 28, 2004 (b)
 Hibbard                          September 29, 1994      June 30, 1999 (c)
 Arrowhead DC Terminal            June 17, 1996           March 31, 2001
 General Office Building/
  Lake Superior Plaza             January 6, 1998         December 31, 2002
 Square Butte                     July 1, 1995            June 30, 2000 (d)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (a) On June 27, 1997 a renewal  application  for this permit was  submitted
     to the MPCA. A new permit is expected to be issued during 2000. Permits
     are extended by the timely filing of a renewal  application which stays
     the expiration of the previously issued permit.
 (b) The  new   permit   contains  a  Schedule   of   Compliance   requiring
     construction  of a new ash  disposal  pond by December  30,  2000.  The
     Company spent  approximately  $3.5 million in 1999 and expects to spend
     $3.1 million in 2000 to construct the Laskin ash disposal pond.
 (c) On December 16, 1998 a renewal  application for this permit was submitted
     to the MPCA. A new permit is expected to be issued during 2000.
 (d) On December 22, 1999 a permit renewal  application  for this permit was
     submitted to the NDDH.  Permits are extended by the timely  filing of a
     renewal application which stays the expiration of the previously issued
     permit.

The Company holds FERC licenses authorizing the ownership and operation of seven
hydroelectric  generating projects with a total generating capacity of about 118
MW.

   FERC Licenses for Hydroelectric Projects
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     Name Plate
   Facility            Rating        Effective Date      Expiration Date
   --------          ----------      --------------      ---------------
                         MW

   Blanchard            18.0         December 1, 1987     August 24, 2003 (a)
   Winton                4.0         March 1, 1981        October 31, 2003 (a)
   Little Falls          4.7         January 1, 1994      December 31, 2023
   Prairie River         1.1         January 1, 1994      December 31, 2023
   Sylvan                1.8         January 1, 1994      December 31, 2023
   Pillager              1.5         April 1, 1998        April 1, 2028
   St. Louis River      87.6         July 1, 1995         June 30, 2035 (b)
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

   (a)The Company  filed  notice of its intent to file an  application  for a
      new license with the FERC in 1998. The FERC approved the Company's 1998
      request to use alternative procedures (i.e.,  collaborative process) in
      filing the license application.

   (b)In June 1996 the  Company  filed in the U.S.  Court of Appeals  for the
      District  of Columbia  Circuit a petition  for review of the license as
      issued by the FERC.  Separate  petitions  for review were also filed by
      the U.S.  Department  of the  Interior and the Fond du Lac Band of Lake
      Superior  Chippewa (Fond du Lac Band), two intervenors in the licensing
      proceedings.  The court has consolidated the three petitions for review
      and suspended the briefing  schedule  while the Company and the Fond du
      Lac  Band  negotiate  the  reasonable  fee for use of  tribal  lands as
      mandated by the new license.  Both parties have informed the court that
      these  negotiations  may resolve other  disputed  issues,  and they are
      obligated  to  report  to the court  periodically  the  status of these
      discussions.  Beginning in 1996, and most recently in January 2000, the
      Company filed  requests with the FERC for  extensions of time to comply
      with  certain  plans and studies  required  by the license  which might
      conflict with the settlement discussions.

SOLID AND HAZARDOUS  WASTE.  The Resource  Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976
regulates  the  management  and  disposal of solid  wastes.  As a result of this
legislation,  the EPA has promulgated various hazardous waste rules. The Company
is required to notify the EPA of hazardous waste activity and routinely  submits
the necessary annual reports to the EPA.

In  response to EPA Region V's request for  utilities  to  participate  in their
Great  Lakes  Initiative  by  voluntarily  removing  remaining   polychlorinated
biphenyl   (PCB)   inventories,   the  Company  has  scheduled   replacement  of
PCB-contaminated  oil  from  substation

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    11

<PAGE>

equipment  by the end of 2001 and the  removal of PCB  capacitors  by 2004.  The
total cost is expected  to be between  $2.5  million  and $3  million,  of which
$700,000 was spent through December 31, 1999.

MINING CONTROL AND RECLAMATION. BNI Coal's mining operations are governed by the
Federal Surface Mining Control and  Reclamation Act of 1977. This Act,  together
with the rules and  regulations  adopted  thereunder  by the  Department  of the
Interior,  Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement  (OSM),  governs
the approval or disapproval  of all mining  permits on federally  owned land and
the actions of the OSM in approving or disapproving  state  regulatory  programs
regulating mining activities.  The North Dakota Reclamation of Strip Mined Lands
Act and  rules and  regulations  enacted  thereunder  in 1969,  as  subsequently
amended by the North Dakota Mining and Reclamation Act and rules and regulations
enacted  thereunder in 1977,  govern the  reclamation of surface mined lands and
are  generally  as  stringent  or more  stringent  than the  federal  rules  and
regulations.  Compliance  is  monitored  by  the  North  Dakota  Public  Service
Commission.  The federal and state laws and regulations  require a wide range of
procedures   including  water  management,   topsoil  and  subsoil  segregation,
stockpiling  and  revegetation,  and the posting of performance  bonds to assure
compliance.  In general  these laws and  regulations  require the  reclaiming of
mined lands to a level of  usefulness  equal to or greater  than that  available
before  active  mining.  The  Company  considers  BNI Coal to be in  substantial
compliance  with those  environmental  regulations  currently  applicable to its
operations and believes all necessary  permits to conduct such  operations  have
been obtained.

AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES

Automotive  Services include wholly owned  subsidiaries which are integral parts
of the vehicle  redistribution  business:  ADESA, a network of vehicle auctions;
AFC, a finance company;  Great Rigs, an auto transport  company;  PAR, a vehicle
remarketing  company;  and AutoVIN, a provider of field information  services to
the automotive  industry.  Automotive  Services plans to grow through  increased
sales at existing businesses, selective acquisitions and expanding services.

ADESA  is  the  second  largest   vehicle  auction  network  in  North  America.
Headquartered in Indianapolis,  Indiana,  ADESA owns (or leases) and operates 29
vehicle  auction  facilities in the United States and Canada  through which used
cars and other vehicles are sold to franchised  automobile  dealers and licensed
used car dealers.  Sellers at ADESA's auctions include domestic and foreign auto
manufacturers,  car dealers, automotive fleet/lease companies, banks and finance
companies.  During 1999 ADESA acquired two new auction facilities. (See Note 3.)
ADESA also started  remodeling  the five-lane  Concord,  Massachusetts,  vehicle
auction  facility and began  building a four-lane  vehicle  auction  facility in
Calgary,  Alberta,  and an  eight-lane  auction  facility  on  29.5  acres  near
LosAngeles, California. All three facilities are scheduled to open in 2000.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                                                Year                No.
                                                                                      Operations           Auction
     ADESA Auctions                            Location                               Commenced             Lanes
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                                    <C>                  <C>
        United States
          ADESA Birmingham                     Moody, Alabama                            1987                 10
          ADESA Sacramento                     Sacramento, California                    1997                  5
          ADESA Jacksonville                   Jacksonville, Florida                     1996                  6
          ADESA South Florida <F1><F2>         Opa-Locka, Florida (near Miami)           1994                  7
          ADESA Southern Indiana <F3>          Edinburgh, Indiana                        1997                  3
          ADESA Indianapolis                   Plainfield, Indiana                       1983                 10
          ADESA Des Moines <F1>                Des Moines, Iowa                          1965                  3
          ADESA Lexington                      Lexington, Kentucky                       1982                  6
          ADESA Ark-La-Tex                     Shreveport, Louisiana                     1979                  5
          ADESA Boston <F1>                    Framingham, Massachusetts                 1995                 11
          ADESA Lansing                        Dimondale, Michigan                       1976                  5
          ADESA St. Louis                      Barnhart, Missouri                        1987                  3
          ADESA New Jersey                     Manville, New Jersey                      1996                  8
          ADESA Buffalo                        Akron, New York                           1992                 10
          ADESA Charlotte <F1>                 Charlotte, North Carolina                 1994                 10
          ADESA Cincinnati/Dayton              Franklin, Ohio                            1986                  8
          ADESA Cleveland                      Northfield, Ohio                          1994                  8
          ADESA Pittsburgh                     Mercer, Pennsylvania                      1971                  7
          ADESA Knoxville <F1>                 Lenoir City, Tennessee                    1984                  6
          ADESA Memphis                        Memphis, Tennessee                        1990                  6
          ADESA Austin <F1>                    Austin, Texas                             1990                  6
          ADESA Dallas                         Mesquite, Texas                           1990                  8
          ADESA Houston                        Houston, Texas                            1995                  8
          ADESA San Antonio                    San Antonio, Texas                        1989                  8
          ADESA Wisconsin                      Portage, Wisconsin                        1984                  5
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
<F1> Leased auction facilities. (See Note 6.)
<F2> ADESA owns 51% of this auction business.
<F3> ADESA owns 80% of this auction business.
</FN>
</TABLE>

12    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          Year                No.
                                                                                       Operations           Auction
     ADESA Auctions                            Location                                Commenced             Lanes
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>                                     <C>                  <C>
         Canada
          ADESA Vancouver                      New Westminster, British Columbia         1972                  6
          ADESA Halifax                        Enfield, Nova Scotia                      1993                  3
          ADESA Ottawa                         Vars, Ontario                             1990                  5
          ADESA Montreal                       St. Eustache, Quebec                      1974                 12
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
The  previous  tables list the  vehicle  auctions  currently  owned or leased by
ADESA. Each auction has a multi-lane, drive-through auction facility, as well as
additional buildings for reconditioning,  registration,  maintenance, body work,
and other ancillary and  administrative  services.  Each auction also has secure
parking  areas in which it stores  vehicles  for  auction.  All vehicle  auction
property owned by ADESA is subject to liens securing various notes payable.

AUTOMOTIVE FINANCE  CORPORATION  provides inventory  financing for wholesale and
retail automobile dealers who purchase vehicles from ADESA auctions, independent
auctions,  other auction chains and other outside sources.  AFC is headquartered
in Indianapolis,  Indiana,  and has 84 loan production offices which are located
at most ADESA  auctions,  as well as at or near other auto auctions across North
America.  These offices provide qualified dealers credit to purchase vehicles at
any of the 400 plus auctions approved by AFC.

GREAT RIGS is one of the nation's  largest used  automobile  transport  carriers
with  over  150  automotive   carriers,   the  majority  of  which  are  leased.
Headquartered  in  Moody,  Alabama,  Great  Rigs  offers  customers  pick up and
delivery  through 13 strategically  located  transportation  hubs.  Customers of
Great Rigs include  ADESA  auctions,  car  dealerships,  vehicle  manufacturers,
leasing companies, finance companies and other auctions. Major customers include
Ford Motor Credit, GE Capital, General Motors Acceptance Corp. and Nissan.

PAR provides  customized  remarketing  services to various businesses with fleet
operations.  PAR services  include  assisting  fleet owners,  leasing agents and
lenders in transporting, remarketing or otherwise liquidating off-lease vehicles
by  choosing  the most  cost-effective  end-of-lease  option.  In 1999 PAR began
"doing  business as" PAR North  America.  The name change  coincides  with PAR's
newest product  offering full service Canadian  importation.  PAR is now able to
offer services to customers  anywhere in the United States and Canada.  PAR also
joined with a partner in Buffalo,  New York, to initiate a  full-service  import
business for  off-lease  Canadian  vehicles in demand in the United  States.  No
other firm offers this niche service.

AUTOVIN  provides  professional  field  information  services to the  automotive
industry,   including  vehicle  condition  reporting,   inventory   verification
auditing, program compliance auditing and facility inspection.  AutoVIN has been
providing  services  to AFC and  will now work  closely  with AFC to offer  auto
dealers one-stop  shopping for financial and information  services.  The Company
acquired 90% of AutoVIN, the Automated Vehicle Information Network, in September
1999, and will acquire the remaining 10% over time.

COMPETITION

Within  the  automobile   auction   industry,   ADESA's   competition   includes
independently  owned  auctions  as well as major  chains and  associations  with
auctions in  geographic  proximity.  ADESA  competes  with other  auctions for a
supply of vehicles to be sold on consignment for automobile  dealers,  financial
institutions  and other  sellers.  ADESA  also  competes  for a supply of rental
repurchase vehicles from automobile  manufacturers for auction at factory sales.
Automobile  manufacturers often choose between auctions across multi-state areas
in distributing rental repurchase  vehicles.  ADESA competes for these customers
by attempting to attract a large number of dealers to purchase  vehicles,  which
ensures competitive prices and supports the volume of vehicles auctioned.  ADESA
also  competes by providing a full range of services  through its  subsidiaries,
including  dealer  inventory  financing,  reconditioning  services which prepare
vehicles for auction,  transporting  vehicles and the prompt processing of sales
transactions.

AFC is the  largest  provider  of  dealer  floorplan  financing  to  independent
automobile dealers in North America.  AFC's competition includes other specialty
lenders,  banks and other financial  institutions.  AFC has distinguished itself
from its competitors by convenience of payment,  quality of service and scope of
services offered. In addition to its floorplan services,  AFC, through alliances
with other  experienced  vendors,  has expanded its service array to include sub
prime financing,  physical damage insurance and warranty  products to its dealer
base.  This alliance with vendors  experienced  in these niche areas makes AFC a
one-stop shopping provider to its dealer base.

PAR is  the  third  largest  full-service  provider  of  customized  remarketing
services in North America.  PAR's competition has changed and the primary source
of competition  currently originates from financial  institutions that choose to
manage  the   vehicle   remarketing   process   internally.   Competition   from
non-financial  institutions remains particularly intense. PAR has differentiated
itself from industry  leaders by offering their customers the ability to rapidly
change their service delivery  methods to meet their customers'  evolving needs.
Continued emphasis on the growing lease-end and Canadian  importation  services,
two services no single competitor  offers,  further  differentiates PAR from the
other members of the remarketing community.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    13

<PAGE>

Tyco  International,  Ltd.  recently  announced  it has  agreed  to sell its ADT
auction unit to Manheim Auctions, Inc. for $1 billion, subject to regulatory and
other  approvals.  ADT owns 28  auctions  in the  United  States.  ADESA owns 29
auctions  throughout  the  United  States  and  Canada,  with 3  auctions  under
construction.  If the Manheim/ADT  transaction is completed in its present form,
the Company does not expect the transaction to have a material adverse impact on
its existing  auction  business.  Manheim is also a provider of dealer floorplan
financing.  The Company is unable to predict the impact the transaction may have
on the AFC  offices  located  at the  ADT  auctions.  AFC  intends  to  continue
operations in the areas currently served by the 28 ADT auctions.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

Certain businesses in the Company's  Automotive  Services segment are subject to
regulation by various federal,  state and local  authorities with respect to air
quality,  water  quality,  solid  wastes and other  environmental  matters.  The
Company  considers these  businesses to be in substantial  compliance with those
environmental  regulations  currently  applicable to its operations and believes
all necessary permits to conduct such operations have been obtained. The Company
does  not  currently   anticipate  that  potential   capital   expenditures  for
environmental matters will be material.  However, because environmental laws and
regulations are constantly evolving, the character,  scope and ultimate costs of
environmental compliance cannot be estimated.

WATER SERVICES

Water  Services  are  comprised  of  regulated  and  non-regulated  wholly owned
subsidiaries of the Company.  Water Services have been laying the groundwork for
future  growth  in  several  new  areas  of the  water  business.  Non-regulated
subsidiaries  have continued  marketing the Company's  water  expertise  outside
traditional utility boundaries.

REGULATED SUBSIDIARIES. FLORIDA WATER, the largest investor owned water supplier
in Florida,  owns and operates water and wastewater  treatment facilities within
that state. As of December 31, 1999 Florida Water served 142,000 water customers
and  68,000  wastewater  customers,  and  maintained  151 water  and  wastewater
facilities  throughout  the state with plants ranging in size from 6 connections
to greater than 25,000  connections.  Florida Water  provides its customers with
over 17 billion  gallons of water per year primarily from Florida's  underground
aquifer.  Substantially  all of  Florida  Water's  properties  used in water and
wastewater  operations  are  encumbered  by a mortgage.  In 1999  Florida  Water
purchased Palm Coast Utility Corporation (PCUC) from ITT Industries, Inc. (ITT).
PCUC  provides  service to  approximately  19,000  water and  14,000  wastewater
customers in Flagler  County,  Florida.  Rates for PCUC are regulated by Flagler
County. (See Note 3.)

HEATER provides water and wastewater treatment services in North Carolina. As of
December 31, 1999 Heater  served  42,000 water  customers  and 4,000  wastewater
treatment  customers.  Heater  has  water  and  wastewater  systems  located  in
subdivisions  surrounding  Raleigh and  Fayetteville,  North  Carolina,  and the
Piedmont and Mountain regions of North Carolina.  Water supply is primarily from
ground water deep wells.  Community  ground  water  systems vary in size from 25
connections to 6,000 connections.  Some systems are supplied by purchased water.
Heater has  approximately  396  interconnected  and stand-alone  systems and 797
wells.  Heater also has 33  wastewater  treatment  plants,  ranging in size from
10,000 gallons per day (gpd) to 670,000 gpd, and 77 lift stations located in its
wastewater collection systems.  Substantially all of Heater's properties used in
its water and wastewater operations are encumbered by a mortgage. In 1999 Heater
acquired Mid South Water  Systems,  Inc. (Mid South)  located in Sherills  Ford,
North  Carolina.  Mid South  serves  approximately  12,000  customers.  With the
acquisition of Mid South, Heater became the largest investor owned water utility
in North Carolina.

NON-REGULATED   SUBSIDIARIES.   AMERICA'S WATER SERVICES CORPORTION   was
incorporated  in 1997 and has offices in  Naperville,  Illinois;  Grand  Rapids,
Michigan;  Plymouth,  Wisconsin; and Longwood,  Florida.  Americas' Water offers
contract   management,   operations  and  maintenance  services  for  water  and
wastewater treatment  facilities to governments and industries.  Americas' Water
Services provides services in Illinois, Minnesota, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and
Florida, with annual contracts ranging from $50,000 to $3 million.

INSTRUMENTATION    SERVICES,    INC.   provide   predictive    maintenance   and
instrumentation consulting services to water and wastewater utilities, and other
industrial  operations  throughout the southeastern part of the United States as
well as Texas and  Minnesota.  On a  combined  basis,  these  companies  provide
services to over 500 customers.

REGULATORY ISSUES

FLORIDA  PUBLIC SERVICE  COMMISSION.  1995 RATE CASE. In September 1999 the FPSC
issued a final order that  approved a 1999  settlement  agreement  with  Florida
Water to resolve open items  pertaining  to its 1995 rate case.  The final order
increased annual revenue by approximately $1 million;  authorized  Florida Water
to  book  approximately  $8.5  million  of  accumulated  surcharges,   including
interest,  as a regulatory asset recoverable in base rates beginning in the next
rate case; and provided a three-year  moratorium on the initiation of rate cases
by Florida  Water,  exclusive  of index  filings.  Index  filings  provide  rate
adjustments   based  on  inflationary   costs   associated  with  operation  and
maintenance  expenses.  The annual  rate  increase  of  approximately  $1million
associated  with the  settlement  became  effective on October 1, 1999. The FPSC
previously  approved annual rate increases

14    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
in connection  with the 1995 rate case of  approximately  $11.1 million and $1.2
million  effective in September 1996 and January 1999,  respectively.  In total,
the FPSC approved $13.6 million of the $18.1 million rate increase  requested by
Florida Water in the 1995 rate case.

1991 RATE CASE  REFUNDS.  In 1995 the Florida  First  District  Court of Appeals
(Court of Appeals)  reversed a 1993 FPSC order  establishing  uniform  rates for
most of Florida  Water's  service areas.  With "uniform  rates" all customers in
each uniform rate area pay the same rates for water and wastewater services.  In
response to the Court of Appeals' order, in August 1996 the FPSC ordered Florida
Water to issue refunds to those customers who paid more since October 1993 under
uniform rates than they would have paid under stand-alone  rates. This order did
not permit a balancing surcharge to customers who paid less under uniform rates.
Florida  Water  appealed,  and the Court of Appeals  ruled in June 1997 that the
FPSC could not order refunds without  balancing  surcharges.  In response to the
Court of Appeals' ruling,  the FPSC issued an order in January 1998 that did not
require  refunds.  Florida Water's  potential  refund liability at that time was
about $12.5 million,  which included interest,  to customers who paid more under
uniform rates.

In the same January 1998 order, the FPSC required Florida Water to refund,  with
interest,  $2.5 million, the amount paid by customers in the Spring Hill service
area from January 1996 through June 1997 under uniform rates which  exceeded the
amount  these  customers  would  have paid  under a  modified  stand-alone  rate
structure.  No balancing  surcharge was permitted.  The FPSC ordered this refund
because  Spring  Hill  customers  continued  to pay  uniform  rates  after other
customers  began  paying  modified  stand-alone  rates  effective  January  1996
pursuant to the FPSC's interim rate order in Florida Water's 1995 Rate Case (see
1995 Rate Case). The FPSC did not include Spring Hill in this interim rate order
because  Hernando County had assumed  jurisdiction  over Spring Hill's rates. In
June 1997 Florida  Water  reached an agreement  with  Hernando  County to revert
prospectively to stand-alone rates for Spring Hill customers.

Customer  groups which paid more under  uniform  rates have  appealed the FPSC's
January 1998 order,  arguing that they are entitled to a refund because the FPSC
had no  authority  to order  uniform  rates.  The Company has  appealed the $2.5
million  refund order.  Initial briefs were filed by all parties in May 1998. In
June 1998 the Court of Appeals  reversed its  previous  ruling that the FPSC was
without  authority  to  order  uniform  rates  at  which  time  customer  groups
supporting  the  FPSC's  January  1998  order  filed a motion  with the Court of
Appeals  seeking  dismissal of the appeal by customer  groups  seeking  refunds.
Customers  seeking  refunds filed amended briefs in September  1998. A mediation
session was held in September  1999.  The parties could not reach  settlement of
any issues.  A provision for refund related to the $2.5 million refund order was
recorded in 1999.  The Company is unable to predict the timing or outcome of the
appeals process.

COMPETITION

Water Services  provide water and wastewater  services at regulated rates within
exclusive   service   territories   granted  by  regulators.   With  respect  to
non-regulated  businesses within Water Services,  significant competition exists
for the provision of the types of services provided by Americas' Water. Although
a few private  contractors control a large percentage of the market for contract
management,  operations and maintenance services,  the Company strongly believes
that the continued  growth in these markets will enable emerging  companies like
Americas' Water to succeed.

FRANCHISES

Florida Water provides water and  wastewater  treatment  services in 20 counties
regulated  by the FPSC and holds  franchises  in 5 counties which have  retained
authority to regulate such operations.  (See Regulatory  Issues - Florida Public
Service  Commission.) Water and wastewater services provided by Heater are under
the  jurisdiction  of the NCUC.  The NCUC grants franchises for Heater's service
territory when the rates are authorized.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

The Company's Water Services are subject to regulation by various federal, state
and local  authorities  with  respect to water  quality,  solid wastes and other
environmental matters. The Company considers these businesses to generally be in
compliance  with those  environmental  regulations  currently  applicable to its
operations  and have the  permits  necessary  to conduct  such  operations.  The
Company does not currently  anticipate that potential  capital  expenditures for
environmental matters will be material.  However, because environmental laws and
regulations are constantly evolving, the character,  scope and ultimate costs of
environmental compliance cannot be estimated.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    15
<PAGE>
INVESTMENTS

Investments   is  comprised  of  an  actively   traded   securities   portfolio,
intermediate-term investments and real estate operations.

SECURITIES PORTFOLIO.  The Company's securities portfolio is managed by selected
outside managers as well as internal managers.  It is intended to provide stable
earnings and liquidity. Proceeds from the securities portfolio are available for
investment in existing businesses,  to fund strategic  initiatives and for other
corporate  purposes.  The Company's  investment in the  securities  portfolio at
December 31, 1999 was $257 million ($227 million at December 31, 1998).

The Company  exchanged its 7.3 million shares of Capital Re common stock for 4.7
million  shares of ACE  Limited  common  stock  plus  $25.1  million  in cash on
December  30,  1999.  The  exchange of stock was the result of a revised  merger
announced  October  26,  1999.  Each  Capital  Re share was  exchanged  for 0.65
ordinary  shares  of ACE plus  $3.4456  in cash.  Minnesota  Power  owned 20% of
Capital Re and now owns 2% of ACE. The ACE shares are included in the  Company's
securities portfolio at December 31, 1999.

INTERMEDIATE-TERM INVESTMENTS. Since 1985 the Company has invested $17.1 million
in venture  capital funds that seek  long-term  capital  appreciation  by making
investments  in companies  developing  advanced  technologies  to be used by the
utility industry. The Company is committed to invest an additional $20.5 million
over the next eight years.  Minnesota Power has recognized  dividends and return
of capital from the funds in the year they are paid. As successful companies "go
public" or are sold, investors,  like Minnesota Power, may realize income as the
stock is sold.

The Company has a $4 million  note  receivable  from Car Canada  Corporation,  a
start-up  retail car  "superstore"  business with stores in Alexandria,  Ottawa,
Toronto and  Winnipeg.  The note bears  interest at an annual rate of 10% and is
due in 2002.  The Company also holds  detachable  warrants that can be exercised
for  approximately  25% of the outstanding  shares of Car Canada in exchange for
approximately $18,000. The warrants are exercisable  automatically in an initial
public  offering,  or sale, or merger of the firm and any other time at the sole
option of Minnesota Power.

REAL ESTATE OPERATIONS.  Through a subsidiary, the Company owns 80% of Lehigh, a
Florida company which through its subsidiaries  owns property in three different
locations:  (1) Lehigh Acres with 1,500 acres of land and approximately 400 home
sites adjacent to Fort Myers,  Florida;  (2) Sugarmill Woods with 650 home sites
in Citrus County,  Florida;  and (3) Palm Coast with 2,100 home sites and 10,000
acres of  residential,  commercial and industrial  land at Palm Coast,  Florida.
Palm Coast is a planned community between St. Augustine and Daytona Beach.

In 1999 Cape Coral Holdings,  Inc., a subsidiary of the Company,  purchased, for
$36.2 million,  certain real estate properties  located in Cape Coral,  Florida,
from  subsidiaries of Avatar Holdings Inc. Cape Coral,  located adjacent to Fort
Myers,  Florida,  has a population  of 100,000 and is Florida's  second  largest
municipality in land area.  Properties  purchased  include  approximately  2,500
acres of commercial  and  residential  zoned land,  including home sites, a golf
resort, marina and commercial buildings. (See Note 3.)

The real estate strategy is to continue to acquire large community properties at
low cost, add value and sell them at going market prices.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

Certain businesses included in the Company's  Investments segment are subject to
regulation by various federal,  state and local  authorities with respect to air
quality,  water  quality,  solid  wastes and other  environmental  matters.  The
Company  considers these  businesses to be in substantial  compliance with those
environmental  regulations  currently  applicable to its operations and believes
all necessary permits to conduct such operations have been obtained. The Company
does  not  currently   anticipate  that  potential   capital   expenditures  for
environmental matters will be material.  However, because environmental laws and
regulations are constantly evolving, the character,  scope and ultimate costs of
environmental compliance cannot be estimated.

16    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Initial
Executive Officers                                              Effective Date
- ---------------------------------------------------------      -----------------
<S>                                                            <C>
John Cirello, Age 56
 Executive Vice President and President and
  Chief Executive Officer - MP Water Resources
   Group, Inc.                                                 July 24, 1995

Donnie R. Crandell, Age 55
 Executive Vice President and President - MP Real Estate
  Holdings, Inc.                                               January 15, 1999
 Senior Vice President and President - MP Real Estate
  Holdings, Inc.                                               January 1, 1996
 Senior Vice President - Corporate Development                 December 1, 1994

Robert D. Edwards, Age 55
 Executive Vice President and President - MP Electric          July 26, 1995
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer          March 1, 1993

Brenda J. Flayton, Age 44
 Vice President - Human Resources                              July 22, 1998

John E. Fuller, Age 56
 Executive  Vice  President and President  and Chief
  Executive  Officer - AFC                                     January 15, 1999
 Senior Vice  President  and  President
  and Chief  Executive  Officer - AFC                          April 23,  1997
  President  and Chief Executive  Officer - AFC                January 1, 1994

Laurence H. Fuller, Age 51
 Vice President - Corporate Development                        February 10, 1997

David G. Gartzke, Age 56
 Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief
  Financial Officer                                            December 1, 1994

James P. Hallett, Age 46
 Executive Vice President and President and Chief
  Executive Officer - ADESA                                    April 23, 1997
 President and Chief Executive Officer - ADESA                 August 21, 1996
 President - ADESA Canada, Inc.                                May 26, 1994

Philip R. Halverson, Age 51
 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary                 January 1, 1996
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary                       March 1, 1993

David P. Jeronimus, Age 57
 Vice President - Environmental Services                       February 1, 1999

James A. Roberts, Age 49
 Vice President - Corporate Relations                          January 1, 1996

Edwin L. Russell, Age 54
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer               May 14, 1996
 President and Chief Executive Officer                         January 22, 1996
 President                                                     May 9, 1995

Mark A. Schober, Age 44
 Controller                                                    March 1, 1993

James K. Vizanko, Age 46
 Treasurer                                                     March 1, 1993

Claudia Scott Welty, Age 47
 Vice President - Information Technology                       February 1, 1999
 Vice President - Support Services                             July 1, 1995

</TABLE>
                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    17

<PAGE>

All of the executive  officers above,  except Mr. Cirello,  Mr. Laurence Fuller,
Mr. Hallet and Mr. Russell, have been employed by the Company for more than five
years in executive or management positions.

       Mr. Cirello was president of Metcalf & Eddy  Services,  Inc. from 1992 to
       1995, responsible for $64 million in water/wastewater operation services.

       Mr.  Laurence Fuller was previously  senior vice president,  new business
       development  and strategic  planning,  for Diners Club  International,  a
       subsidiary of Citicorp, Inc.

       Mr. Hallett was previously  president of Ottawa Auto Dealers Exchange,  a
       Canadian vehicle auction business purchased by ADESA.

       Mr.   Russell  was   previously   group  vice  president  of  J.M.  Huber
       Corporation,   a  $1.5  billion  diversified  manufacturing  and  natural
       resources company.

In the five years prior to election to the positions  shown above,  Ms. Flayton,
Mr. Jeronimus, Mr. Roberts and Ms. Welty held other positions with the Company.

       Ms. Flayton was director of human resources.

       Mr. Jeronimus was director of environmental resources.

       Mr. Roberts was director of corporate relations.

       Ms. Welty was director of technical support services.

There are no family relationships between any executive officers of the Company.
All officers and directors are elected or appointed annually.

The present term of office of the above executive  officers extends to the first
meeting of the  Company's  Board of Directors  after the next annual  meeting of
shareholders. Both meetings are scheduled for May 9, 2000.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Properties  are included in the  discussion of the Company's  business in Item 1
and are incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Material legal and regulatory  proceedings are included in the discussion of the
Company's business in Item 1 and are incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No  matters  were  submitted  to a vote of  security  holders  during the fourth
quarter of 1999.

18    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
        MATTERS

The Company has paid dividends  without  interruption  on its Common Stock since
1948. A quarterly dividend of $0.2675 per share on the Common Stock will be paid
on March 1, 2000 to the holders of record on February  15, 2000.  The  Company's
Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Dividends paid per share,
and the high and low  prices  for the  Company's  Common  Stock for the  periods
indicated  as reported  by The Wall Street  Journal,  Midwest  Edition,  were as
follows:

                                                               Dividends
                              Price Range                   Paid Per Share
                      --------------------------       ------------------------
      Quarter           High              Low          Quarterly         Annual
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 1999   - First       $22 3/32         $19 17/32       $0.2675
        - Second       21 13/16         18 15/16        0.2675
        - Third        19 7/8           16 9/16         0.2675
        - Fourth       18 11/16         16              0.2675            $1.07

 1998   - First       $21 23/32        $19 9/16        $0.2550
        - Second       21 15/32         19 1/32         0.2550
        - Third        22 1/2           19 17/32        0.2550
        - Fourth       23 1/8           20 3/8          0.2550            $1.02
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On March 2, 1999 the Company's  Common Stock was split  two-for-one.  All common
share and per share  amounts  have been  adjusted for all periods to reflect the
two-for-one stock split.

The amount and timing of  dividends  payable on the  Company's  Common Stock are
within the sole  discretion  of the Company's  Board of  Directors.  In 1999 the
Company paid out 110% (72% excluding the non-cash  charge related to the Capital
Re transaction) of its per share earnings in dividends.

The Company's Articles of Incorporation,  and Mortgage and Deed of Trust contain
provisions  which under  certain  circumstances  would  restrict  the payment of
Common  Stock  dividends.  As of December  31, 1999 no  retained  earnings  were
restricted  as a result of these  provisions.  At  January  31,  2000 there were
approximately 37,000 Common Stock shareholders of record.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    19

<PAGE>
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The Company's  financial  statements have been changed to reflect changes in the
way the Company looks at its business. Financial data from prior years have been
reclassified to present comparable information for all periods. All common share
and per  share  amounts  have been  adjusted  for all  periods  to  reflect  the
Company's March 2, 1999 two-for-one  Common Stock split.  Financial  information
presented in the table below may not be comparable  between  periods due to: (1)
the  Company's  purchase of 80% of ADESA,  including AFC and Great Rigs, in July
1995,  another 3% in January 1996 and the remaining 17% in August 1996;  and (2)
the Company's sale of its interest in the paper and pulp business in June 1995.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Balance Sheet                              1999           1998           1997          1996          1995            1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Millions
Assets
   Current Assets                        $  564.5      $  487.5       $  385.3      $  334.4       $  251.9       $  266.1
   Property, Plant and Equipment          1,258.8       1,178.9        1,170.2       1,188.8        1,149.1          998.2
   Investments                              197.2         263.5          252.9         236.5          201.4          355.3
   Goodwill                                 181.0         169.8          158.9         167.0          120.2            1.9
   Other Assets                             111.1         109.2          119.0         123.6          126.8           99.3
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
                                         $2,312.6      $2,208.9       $2,086.3      $2,050.3       $1,849.4       $1,720.8
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
   Current Liabilities                   $  398.3      $  346.0       $  342.6      $  339.7       $  256.8       $  182.8
   Long-Term Debt                           712.8         672.2          685.4         694.4          639.5          601.3
   Other Liabilities                        289.2         298.6          301.8         298.9          320.5          326.5
   Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred
     Securities of MP&L Capital I            75.0          75.0           75.0          75.0              -              -
   Redeemable Preferred Stock                20.0          20.0           20.0          20.0           20.0           20.0
   Stockholders' Equity                     817.3         797.1          661.5         622.3          612.6          590.2
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
                                         $2,312.6      $2,208.9       $2,086.3      $2,050.3       $1,849.4       $1,720.8
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income Statement                          1999            1998           1997          1996          1995            1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions
Operating Revenue
   Electric Services                     $  554.5      $  559.8       $  541.9      $  529.2       $  503.5       $  458.4
   Automotive Services                      406.6         328.4          255.5         183.9           61.6              -
   Water Services                           112.9          95.6           95.5          85.2           66.1           87.5
   Investments                               57.8          55.5           60.7          48.6           36.1           31.1
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
                                          1,131.8       1,039.3          953.6         846.9          667.3          577.0
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Expenses
   Fuel and Purchased Power                 200.2         205.7          194.1         190.9          177.0          157.7
   Operations                               705.9         635.4          579.9         512.2          389.1          300.6
   Interest Expense                          59.5          64.9           64.2          62.1           48.0           46.7
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
                                            965.6         906.0          838.2         765.2          614.1          505.0
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Operating Income before Capital Re          166.2         133.3          115.4          81.7           53.2           72.0
Income (Loss) from Investment
   in Capital Re                            (34.5)         15.2           14.8          11.8            9.8            8.1
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Operating Income                            131.7         148.5          130.2          93.5           63.0           80.1
Distributions on Redeemable
  Preferred Securities of Subsidiary          6.0           6.0            6.0           4.7              -              -
Income Tax Expense                           57.7          54.0           46.6          19.6            1.1           20.6
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Income from Continuing Operations            68.0          88.5           77.6          69.2           61.9           59.5
Income from
  Discontinued Operations                       -             -              -             -            2.8            1.8
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Net Income                                   68.0          88.5           77.6          69.2           64.7           61.3
Preferred Dividends                           2.0           2.0            2.0           2.4            3.2            3.2
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Earnings Available for Common Stock          66.0          86.5           75.6          66.8           61.5           58.1
Common Stock Dividends                       73.0          65.0           62.5          59.6           57.9           56.7
                                         --------      --------       --------      --------       --------       --------
Earnings Retained in

   (Disbursed From) the Business         $   (7.0)     $   21.5       $   13.1      $    7.2       $    3.6       $    1.4
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

20    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           1999          1998           1997           1996          1995           1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>             <C>           <C>              <C>          <C>             <C>
Shares Outstanding - Millions
   Year-End                                73.5           72.3           67.1           65.5          62.9           62.5
   Average <F1>                            68.4           64.0           61.2           58.6          57.0           56.5
Diluted Earnings Per Share
   Continuing Operations                  $0.97<F2>      $1.35          $1.24          $1.14         $1.03          $1.00
   Discontinued Operations                    -              -              -              -           .05            .03
                                          -----          -----          -----          -----         -----          -----
                                          $0.97<F2>      $1.35          $1.24          $1.14         $1.08          $1.03
Return on Common Equity                    8.3%<F2>      12.4%          12.1%          11.3%         10.7%          10.5%
Common Equity Ratio                       49.2%          49.9%          44.9%          43.1%         45.6%          45.9%
Dividends Paid Per Share                  $1.07          $1.02          $1.02          $1.02         $1.02          $1.01
Dividend Payout                            110%<F2>        76%            83%            89%           94%            98%
Book Value Per Share at Year-End         $10.97         $10.86          $9.69          $9.32         $9.28          $8.99
Market Price Per Share
   High                                 22 3/32         23 1/8             22         14 7/8        14 5/8         16 1/2
   Low                                       16        19 1/32         13 1/2             13        12 1/8         12 3/8
   Close                               16 15/16             22       21 25/32         13 3/4       14 3/16         12 5/8
Market/Book at Year-End                    1.54           2.03           2.25           1.48          1.53           1.40
Price Earnings Ratio at Year-End           17.5<F2>       16.3           17.6           12.1          13.1           12.3
Dividend Yield at Year-End                 6.3%           4.6%           4.7%           7.4%          7.2%           8.0%
Employees                                 8,246          7,003          6,817          6,537         5,649          2,552
Net Income
   Electric Services                      $45.0          $47.4          $43.1          $39.4         $41.0          $40.6
   Automotive Services                     39.9           25.5           14.0            3.7             -              -
   Water Services                          12.2            7.5            8.2            5.4          (1.0)          13.7
   Investments                             (9.4)<F2>      29.6           32.1           38.1          41.3           23.4
   Corporate Charges                      (19.7)         (21.5)         (19.8)         (17.4)        (19.4)         (18.2)
                                          -----          -----          -----          -----         -----          -----
                                           68.0           88.5           77.6           69.2          61.9           59.5
   Discontinued Operations                    -              -              -              -           2.8            1.8
                                          -----          -----          -----          -----         -----          -----
                                          $68.0          $88.5          $77.6          $69.2         $64.7          $61.3
Customers - Thousands
   Electric                               139.7          138.1          135.8          135.1         135.8          132.8
   Water                                  255.3          205.1          201.0          197.2         198.4          176.0
Electric Sales - Millions of MWh           11.3           12.0           12.4           13.2          11.5           10.2
Power Supply - Millions of MWh
   Steam Generation                         6.2            6.3            6.1            6.4           6.0            5.5
   Hydro Generation                         0.7            0.6            0.6            0.7           0.7            0.7
   Long-Term Purchase - Square Butte        2.3            2.1            2.3            2.4           1.9            2.3
   Purchased Power                          2.6            3.2            3.8            4.4           3.6            2.1
                                           ----           ----           ----           ----          ----           ----
                                           11.8           12.2           12.8           13.9          12.2           10.6
Coal Sold - Millions of Tons                4.5            4.2            4.2            4.5           4.0            4.4
Vehicles Consigned - Millions               1.7            1.5            1.4            1.1           0.5              -
Water Sold - Billions of Gallons           20.3           18.1           16.5           16.0          14.7           14.8
Capital Expenditures - Millions           $99.7          $80.8          $72.2         $101.5        $115.5          $81.0
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
<F1>Excludes unallocated ESOP shares.
<F2>On December 30, 1999 Minnesota Power exchanged 7.3 million shares of Capital
    Re common  stock for 4.7  million  shares of ACE  common  stock  plus  $25.1
    million in cash.  This  transaction  resulted in a non-cash  charge of $36.2
    million,  or $0.52 per  share,  to  Minnesota  Power's  net income for 1999.
    Excluding the Capital Re transaction, diluted earnings per share were $1.49,
    the return on common  equity was 12.9%,  the  dividend  payout was 72%,  the
    price  earning  ratio was 11.4 and net  income  from  Investments  was $26.8
    million.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    21

<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

CONSOLIDATED OVERVIEW

Significant  growth in the  Company's  Automotive  Services  and Water  Services
segments  contributed  to higher  operating  results in 1999.  Excluding a $36.2
million non-cash charge  associated with the Company's  investment in Capital Re
(see Note 9), 1999 net income  increased 17.7% to $104.2  million.  In addition,
basic and diluted  earnings per share,  excluding the Capital Re related charge,
were $1.49, a 10.4% increase over the prior year.  Financial  results for all of
the Company's business segments reflected ongoing  operational  improvements and
the  successful  strategies  initiated  to grow  and  diversify  each  business.
Earnings  per share in 1999 also  include the dilution  from an  additional  4.2
million shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in an  underwritten  public
offering in September 1998.

The Company measures performance of its operations through careful budgeting and
monitoring of  contributions  by business  segment to  consolidated  net income.
Corporate Charges represent general corporate expenses,  including interest, not
specifically related to any one business segment.

                                               1999       1998       1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions

 Operating Revenue
    Electric Services                      $   554.5    $  559.8    $541.9
    Automotive Services                        406.6       328.4     255.5
    Water Services                             112.9        95.6      95.5
    Investments                                 58.2        55.8      60.9
    Corporate Charges                           (0.4)       (0.3)     (0.2)
                                            --------    --------    ------
                                            $1,131.8    $1,039.3    $953.6
                                            --------    --------    ------
 Operating Expenses
    Electric Services                         $479.0     $ 480.5    $470.2
    Automotive Services                        337.3       281.5     227.1
    Water Services                              93.3        83.1      82.8
    Investments                                 24.3        22.6      24.9
    Corporate Charges                           31.7        38.3      33.2
                                            --------    --------    ------
                                              $965.6      $906.0    $838.2
                                            --------    --------    ------
 Net Income
    Electric Services                         $ 45.0       $47.4     $43.1
    Automotive Services                         39.9        25.5      14.0
    Water Services                              12.2         7.5       8.2
    Investments                                 26.8(a)     29.6      32.1
    Corporate Charges                          (19.7)      (21.5)    (19.8)
                                              ------       -----     -----
       Net Income Before Capital Re
         Transaction                           104.2        88.5      77.6
    Capital Re Transaction                     (36.2)          -         -
                                              ------       -----     -----
                                              $ 68.0       $88.5     $77.6
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Average Shares of Common Stock - Millions      68.4        64.0      61.2

 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share of
   Common Stock
    Before Capital Re Transaction             $ 1.49      $1.35      $1.24
    Capital Re Transaction                     (0.52)         -          -
                                              ------      -----      -----
                                              $ 0.97      $1.35      $1.24
 Return on Common Equity
    Excluding the Capital Re Transaction       12.9%      12.4%      12.1%
    Including the Capital Re Transaction        8.3%          -          -
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (a)Including  the  $36.2  million  non-cash  charge  associated  with  the
    Capital Re transaction, net income from  Investments was a $9.4 million
    loss.

22    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

The following  summarizes  significant events which impacted net income for each
of the Company's business segments for the past three years.

ELECTRIC SERVICES contributed net income of $45.0 million in 1999 ($47.4 million
in 1998;  $43.1 million in 1997).  In 1999  Electric  Services  reflected  lower
kilowatthour sales to industrial customers,  higher prices and margins from bulk
power  sales,  a denial of lost margin  recovery  for  conservation  improvement
programs  and a  one-time  property  tax  levy  associated  with  an  industrial
development  project.  Total  kilowatthour sales were 11.3 billion in 1999 (12.0
billion  in 1998;  and 12.4  billion  in 1997).  The 1999  decline  in sales was
primarily attributable to fewer sales to taconite,  paper and pipeline customers
because of lower demand for domestic  steel,  stronger  competition in the paper
markets and lower pipeline  pumping levels.  The increase in 1998 net income was
from higher margins from bulk power sales to other power suppliers. An unusually
mild winter in 1998 negatively  impacted both net income and kilowatt sales from
retail  customers.  Net income in 1997 reflected a strong demand for electricity
from industrial customers, increased margins from sales to other power suppliers
and gains from the sale of certain recreational land and microwave  frequencies.
Gains  from  these two sales  were  offset by  start-up  costs  associated  with
strategic  initiatives  and  incentive  compensation  awards  related  to  total
shareholder return performances.

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES  contributed  net income of $39.9  million  in 1999  ($25.5
million in 1998;  $14.0 million in 1997).  In 1999  Automotive  Services  showed
significant  growth  reflecting  a  profitable  mix  of  same-store  growth  and
selective  acquisitions at ADESA as well as increased financing activity and the
maturing of loan production offices that were opened in 1998 by AFC. ADESA added
two new auction  facilities in 1999 (three in 1998; two in 1997) and received on
consignment  1.7 million vehicles  (1.5 million  in 1998;  1.4 million in 1997).
Consigned vehicles are vehicles offered for sale at ADESA auctions.  AFC has had
84 loan  production  offices since August 1998. AFC added 30 new loan production
offices in 1998 (25 in 1997). The growth of AFC's dealer/customer base to 14,700
in 1999  (11,500  in 1998;  10,000  in 1997)  has also  enabled  AFC to  finance
approximately  695,000  vehicles in 1999 (531,000 in 1998;  300,000 in 1997). In
1998 AFC's  expansion was largely  attributable  to an agreement  with ADT which
allows AFC to provide floorplan financing services at 26 ADT auctions.  Also see
Item 1.  Business - Automotive  Services -  Competition  for a discussion of the
Manheim/ADT merger.

WATER SERVICES  contributed net income of $12.2 million in 1999 ($7.5 million in
1998; $8.2 million in 1997). In 1999 Water Services  generated higher net income
due to strategic asset purchases and customer growth that increased the customer
base by 24%,  regulatory relief granted by the FPSC in the settlement of Florida
Water's 1995 rate case and increased average consumption. In 1998 Water Services
results reflected regulatory relief, customer growth,  increased consumption and
operating  efficiencies.  In 1997 Water Services net income included a gain from
the sale of  certain  water and  wastewater  assets to Orange  County,  Florida.
Financial  results  for 1997 also  reflected  improved  operating  efficiencies,
one-time charges and start-up costs associated with  non-regulated  initiatives.
(See Item 1. Business - Water Services - Regulatory Issues.)

INVESTMENTS  contribution  to net  income  was  $(9.4)  million,  $26.8  million
excluding  the Capital Re  transaction, in 1999  ($29.6 million  in 1998;  $32.1
million in 1997).  In 1999  Investments  reported  gains from an investment in a
venture capital fund. A $36.2 million non-cash charge associated with the merger
of  Capital  Re with  ACE (see  Item 1.  Business  -  Investments  -  Securities
Portfolio and Note 9), the discontinuance of equity accounting for the Company's
investment in Capital Re and stock market volatility  affecting returns from the
securities  portfolio during 1999 lowered  Investment net income.  The Company's
securities portfolio earned an annualized after-tax return of 3.3% in 1999 (5.5%
in 1998; 7.7% in 1997). In 1998  Investments  reported a lower after-tax  return
from  the  securities   portfolio  due  to  the  under  performance  of  certain
investments, which was offset by dividend income received from a venture capital
investment and strong sales by Real Estate Operations.

CORPORATE  CHARGES  were $19.7  million in 1999  ($21.5  million in 1998;  $19.8
million in 1997).  Corporate  charges were lower in 1999 due to reduced interest
expense  as a result of a lower  average  commercial  paper  balance.  Corporate
Charges in 1998 included  reduced  interest  expenses due to the availability of
cash from the sale of Common Stock  offset by higher  expenses  associated  with
benefit incentives, a change in accounting for start-up costs, and technological
and communication improvements made to corporate-wide systems. In 1997 Corporate
Charges reflected  increased debt service costs incurred to finance  investments
in non-regulated operations and various strategic initiatives.

1999 COMPARED TO 1998

OPERATING REVENUE

ELECTRIC SERVICES  operating revenue was $5.3 million lower in 1999.  Revenue in
1999  reflected a $23.0  million  increase  from sales to other power  suppliers
because of extreme weather  conditions  affecting power market prices during the
third quarter of 1999. Temperatures,  which were at record highs during the last
week of July 1999,  created a high demand for power from other power  suppliers.
Revenue from industrial customers was down approximately $19 million in 1999 due
to decreased  taconite  production,  paper  manufacturing  and  pipeline  usage.
Revenue from  residential  and  commercial  customers was $3.8 million higher in
1999 because the winter  weather in northern  Minnesota and Wisconsin was colder
than 1998 and July 1999 was  unusually  hot.  In total,

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    23

<PAGE>

$4.4 million less was collected  from fuel clause  adjustments.  Revenue in 1998
included  $3.8 million of CIP lost margin  recovery.  The Company was denied CIP
lost margin recovery in 1999.

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES  operating  revenue was $78.2 million higher in 1999 due to
stronger sales at ADESA auction facilities, and increased financing activity and
12 months of operations at loan production  offices opened in 1998 by AFC. ADESA
offered 13% more vehicles for sale on  consignment  in 1999 compared to 1998. In
1999 ADESA auction  financial  results included twelve months of operations from
three vehicle auctions acquired in 1998 and partial year results for two vehicle
auction  facilities  acquired in 1999.  AFC financed  31% more  vehicles in 1999
compared to 1998. AFC has had 84 loan  production  offices since August 1998, 30
of which were opened during 1998.

WATER SERVICES  operating  revenue was $17.3 million higher in 1999,  with $12.3
million of the increase  coming from PCUC,  which was purchased in January 1999.
The remainder of the increase was attributed to regulatory relief granted by the
FPSC in December 1998 and September  1999, the acquisition of Mid South and more
consumption due to customer growth.  Overall consumption  increased 12% in 1999.
In 1998 overall  consumption  was lower than normal due to some of the Company's
water  systems  being  adversely  impacted by record  rainfall  during the first
quarter. Gains totaling $600,000 from the sale of a water system and the sale of
land were included in 1998 revenue.

INVESTMENTS  operating  revenue was $2.4 million higher in 1999 primarily due to
$10.7 million in gains received from an investment in a venture capital fund and
higher sales by Real Estate Operations. These increases were partially offset by
lower  returns  on the  securities  portfolio  due to  stock  market  volatility
affecting returns from short-term  investments.  Also,  revenue in 1998 included
$4.3 million of dividend income received from a venture capital investment.

OPERATIONS EXPENSE

ELECTRIC SERVICES  operating  expenses were $1.5 million lower in 1999 primarily
due to a $5.5 million  reduction in fuel and purchased power expenses because of
less steam generation and fewer purchases from other power suppliers, and a $1.9
million  decrease in  depreciation  expense  primarily  the result of an updated
production plant depreciation  study.  Operating expenses were also $2.7 million
lower in 1999  because  the  amortization  of an early  retirement  program  was
completed in July 1998.  These  decreases  were  partially  offset by a one-time
property  tax levy and  other  expenses  related  to an  industrial  development
project totaling $3.6 million,  and higher  compensation and consulting  service
expenses.

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES  operating  expenses  were  $55.8  million  higher  in 1999
primarily  due to increased  sales  activity at the auction  facilities  and the
floorplan financing  business.  Additional expenses associated with more auction
facilities and loan  production  offices also  contributed to higher expenses in
1999.

WATER  SERVICES  operating  expenses were $10.2 million higher in 1999 primarily
due to inclusion of PCUC and Mid South operations.

INVESTMENTS operating expenses were $1.7 million higher in 1999 primarily due to
more sales by Real Estate Operations.

CORPORATE  CHARGES  operating  expenses  were $6.6 million lower in 1999 because
interest  expense in 1998  reflected  a  settlement  with the  Internal  Revenue
Service on tax issues  relating to prior years.  As a result of the  settlement,
$4.7 million previously accrued as income tax expense were reversed and recorded
as  interest  expense  in the  first  quarter  of 1998.  There  was no impact on
consolidated  net income  from this  transaction.  Also,  interest  expense  was
reduced in 1999 because the average commercial paper balance was lower.

INCOME (LOSS) FROM INVESTMENT IN CAPITAL RE

In 1999 the Company  reported a $34.5 million loss on its  investment in Capital
Re.  The loss was due to the  non-cash  charge  associated  with the  merger  of
Capital  Re with  ACE. The  discontinuance  of  equity  accounting  for  this
investment also reduced income in 1999.

1998 COMPARED TO 1997

OPERATING REVENUE

ELECTRIC  SERVICES  operating  revenue was $17.9  million  higher in 1998,  even
though  kilowatthour  sales remained at similar levels. A $10.8 million increase
in sales to other power  suppliers was  attributable  to a higher  average sales
price for bulk power sold. Bulk sale prices were higher because of storm damages
and hot weather in the Midwest.  Revenue related to the fuel clause  adjustments
increased $9.9 million in 1998 to recover the cost of  replacement  power needed
during  scheduled  outages at Square Butte and Boswell in 1998, and also for the
reduction in hydro generation due to dry spring conditions. Another $3.3 million
of the increase is related to CIP. Demand revenue from large power customers was
lower  in 1998 as a  result  of  successful  renegotiation  of  contracts  which
extended  the term of the  all-requirements  contracts,  but in turn reduced the
demand charge component. Revenue from residential and gas customers was lower in
1998 because of the unusually mild winter and warm spring.  Operating revenue in
1997 included $4.4 million in pre-tax gains from the sale of rights to microwave
frequencies and the sale of property along the St. Louis River.

24    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES operating revenue was $72.9 million higher in 1998 due to a
7% increase in vehicles consigned for sale at auctions, higher auction fees, the
rapid  expansion and maturing of AFC and growth at Great Rigs. In 1997 operating
revenue included pre-tax gains totaling $5.7 million from the sale of an auction
facility and excess land.

WATER  SERVICES  operating  revenue was $0.1  million  higher in 1998 because of
increased  rates  approved  by the FPSC in  1998,  higher  consumption  and more
revenue from non-regulated water subsidiaries.  Consumption, which was up 10% in
1998, reflected the September 1997 acquisition of LaGrange, a water utility near
Fayetteville, North Carolina and drier than normal weather. Operating revenue in
1997 included a $7.3 million  pre-tax gain from the sale of water and wastewater
assets to Orange County, Florida.

INVESTMENTS  operating  revenue was $5.1 million lower in 1998  primarily due to
large  bulk  sales  by Real  Estate  Operations  in  1997.  In 1998  Investments
operating revenue also reflected $4.3 million of dividend income received from a
venture  capital  investment,  which  was  offset  by  reduced  income  from the
securities portfolio due to under performance of certain investments.

OPERATING EXPENSE

ELECTRIC  SERVICES  operating  expenses were $10.3 million higher in 1998.  Fuel
expense was $3.4 million  higher  because of more steam  generation and slightly
higher coal prices.  Purchased  power expense was $8.2 million higher because of
replacement power needed during scheduled outages and the average price paid per
megawatthour  (excluding  Square  Butte)  increased  23%.  Increased  costs  for
scheduled  outages at  Boswell,  consulting  services  and the  amortization  of
deferred charges related to conservation  improvement  programs were offset by a
reduction in employee pension and early retirement expenses,  and lower property
taxes due to the legislative reform of the Minnesota property tax system.

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES operating expenses were $54.4 million higher in 1998 due to
expenses  associated  with  the  increase  in  vehicles  consigned  for  sale at
auctions,  the addition of three new auction  facilities and the rapid expansion
of AFC.

WATER SERVICES operating expenses were $0.3 million higher in 1998 primarily due
to  increased  consumption.   Additional  costs  related  to  the  expansion  of
non-regulated   water   subsidiaries   were   offset  by   increased   operating
efficiencies.

INVESTMENTS  operating  expenses were $2.3 million lower in 1998 because in 1997
there was more sales activity by Real Estate Operations.

INCOME (LOSS) FROM INVESTMENT IN CAPITAL RE

Income from investment in Capital Re reflected $15.2 million of equity income in
1998 ($14.8 million in 1997) from the Company's investment in Capital Re.

OUTLOOK

CORPORATE  OUTLOOK.  Minnesota Power's  strategic  objectives over the next five
years are to achieve market  leadership in each of its businesses;  complete the
transition  to  a  multi-services   company;   grow  considerably  in  size  and
profitability; and significantly enhance total shareholder return.

ELECTRIC SERVICES. The contribution from Electric Services is expected to remain
stable as the industry  continues to restructure.  Electric  Services intends to
seek  additional  cost  saving   alternatives  and   efficiencies,   and  expand
non-regulated services to maintain its contribution to net income.

In 1999 Electric  Services  announced  plans to: (1) form an alliance with Great
River Energy to combine  power supply  assets and customer  loads for power pool
operations;   (2)  construct  in  partnership   with  Wisconsin  Public  Service
Corporation a 250-mile,  345-kilovolt  transmission line from Wausau, Wisconsin,
to Duluth,  Minnesota;  and (3) build a 90-MW natural gas-fired power plant near
the city of Superior,  Wisconsin.  Rainy River  entered  into a 15-year,  275-MW
power  purchase  agreement  with a  subsidiary  of LS Power which is expected to
begin in 2002. The Company's subsidiary, MP Telecom, which provides high
capacity fiber optic communication services to businesses and communities across
Minnesota and in Wisconsin is currently completing fiber routes that include the
Minneapolis-St.  Paul metro area,  Rochester,  Owatonna,  Albert Lea and Winona,
Minnesota.  In 1999 MP Telecom received approval by the MPUC and PSCW to provide
competitive   local  exchange  carrier  services  in  Minnesota  and  Wisconsin,
respectively.

Annual taconite  production in Minnesota was 43 million tons in 1999 (46 million
tons in 1998; 47 million tons in 1997).  Based on the Company's  research of the
taconite industry,  Minnesota taconite  production for 2000 is anticipated to be
above the 1999  level.  While  taconite  production  is  expected to continue at
annual  levels of over 40 million tons,  the  long-term  future of this cyclical
industry is less certain.  Steel imports continue to depress steel prices and is
the critical  issue  facing the  American  steel  industry,  which  includes the
taconite industry. (See Item 1. Business - Electric Services - Electric Sales.)

AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES. Vehicle sales within the auto auction industry are expected
to rise at a rate of 6% to 8% annually.  With the continued increased popularity
of leasing  and the high cost of new  vehicles,  the same  vehicles  may come to
auction  more than  once.  Automotive  Services  expects to  participate  in the
industry's  growth through  selective  acquisitions and expanded  services.  Two

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    25

<PAGE>

vehicle auction  facilities are in the process of being built. One is located in
Calgary,  Alberta,  and will have four lanes.  The other one is located near Los
Angeles, California, and will have eight lanes. A third vehicle auction facility
in Concord,  Massachusetts,  is being remodeled and reopened.  It will have five
auction lanes. All three auction facilities are scheduled to open in 2000. ADESA
and AFC  continue  to focus on growth in the volume of  vehicles  consigned  and
financed,   increased  ancillary  services,   and  operating  and  technological
efficiencies.  Great Rigs plans to  participate  in growth of auction volume and
work to enhance market share. Also see Item 1. Business - Automotive  Services -
Competition for a discussion of the Manheim/ADT merger.

WATER  SERVICES.  Florida Water will continue to position  itself by selectively
acquiring targeted water systems.  The strategic emphasis at Heater is growth in
North  Carolina.  Both  Florida  Water and  Heater  operate  in states  that are
currently  experiencing  rapid  population  growth,  which should  contribute to
customer growth. The Company  anticipates 3% to 5% customer growth over the next
two years.  Water  Services has been laying the  groundwork for future growth in
several new areas of the water business.  These non-regulated  subsidiaries have
been marketing the Company's  maintenance  and water and  wastewater  management
expertise to industrial and governmental  customers  promoting  privatization of
these services.

INVESTMENTS.  The Company's  objective is to maintain corporate  liquidity.  The
Company plans to continue to concentrate in market-neutral investment strategies
designed to provide stable and acceptable  returns  without  sacrificing  needed
liquidity.  The  portfolio  is hedged  against  market  downturns.  The  Company
believes its hedge strategy is a wise course in a volatile economic environment.
Actual  returns will be partially  dependent on general market  conditions.  The
Company's  Real  Estate  Operations  may,  from  time  to  time,  acquire  large
residential community properties at low cost, add value and sell them at current
market prices in order to continue a consistent earnings  contribution from this
business.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

A primary goal of the  strategic  plan is to improve cash flow from  operations.
Since 1997 cash from operating activities has increased 31% (up 19% from 1998 to
1999; up 10% from 1997 to 1998).  Increased  cash flow from  operations has been
accomplished  due to operating  results,  better  management of working  capital
throughout  the  Company  and  capital  expenditure  discipline.  The  Company's
strategy  includes  growing  the  business  both with  expanded  facilities  and
operations (see Capital Requirements) and through acquisitions.

Working  capital,  if and when  needed,  generally  is  provided  by the sale of
commercial  paper.  In addition,  securities  investments  can be  liquidated to
provide funds for  reinvestment  in existing  businesses or  acquisition  of new
businesses,  and  approximately 8 million  original issue shares of Common Stock
are available for issuance through the DRIP.  Minnesota Power's $60 million bank
line of credit provides  liquidity for the Company's  commercial  paper program.
The amount and timing of future sales of the  Company's  securities  will depend
upon market  conditions and the specific  needs of the Company.  The Company may
from time to time sell securities to meet capital  requirements,  to provide for
the  retirement or early  redemption  of issues of long-term  debt and preferred
stock, to reduce short-term debt and for other corporate purposes.

A substantial  amount of ADESA's  working  capital is generated  internally from
payments made by vehicle purchasers. However, ADESA uses commercial paper issued
by the Company to meet short-term working capital  requirements arising from the
timing of payment  obligations to vehicle sellers and the  availability of funds
from vehicle purchasers. During the sales process, ADESA does not typically take
title to vehicles.

AFC also uses proceeds  from the sale of commercial  paper issued by the Company
to meet its operational  requirements.  AFC offers short-term  on-site financing
for dealers to purchase vehicles at auctions in exchange for a security interest
in those vehicles. The financing is provided through the earlier of the date the
dealer sells the vehicle or a general borrowing term of 30 to 45 days. AFC sells
certain   finance   receivables  on  a  revolving   basis  to  a  wholly  owned,
unconsolidated,  qualified special purpose  subsidiary.  This subsidiary in turn
sells,  on  a  revolving  basis,  an  undivided  interest  in  eligible  finance
receivables,  up to a maximum at any one time  outstanding  of $300 million,  to
third party  purchasers  under an agreement which expires at the end of 2002. At
December  31, 1999 AFC had sold  $296.8  million of finance  receivables  to the
special purpose  subsidiary  ($202.9 million at December 31, 1998).  Third party
purchasers  had purchased an undivided  interest in finance  receivables of $225
million from this subsidiary at December 31, 1999 ($170.0 million at December
31, 1998). Unsold finance receivables held by the special purpose subsidiary are
recorded  by AFC as residual  interest  at fair value.  Fair value is based upon
estimates of future cash flows, using assumptions that market participants would
use to value such instruments,  including estimates of anticipated credit losses
over  the  life of the  receivables  sold;  a  discount  was not used due to the
short-term  nature of the  receivables  sold.  The fair value of AFC's  residual
interest was $57.6 million at  December 31,  1999 ($20.1 million at December 31,
1998).  Proceeds from the sale of the receivables  were used to repay borrowings
from the Company and fund vehicle inventory purchases for AFC's customers.

Notes  payable  increased   temporarily  to  finance  Automotive  Services  cash
requirements due to significant  auction sales and financing growth. The Company
also used notes payable and proceeds from the September  1998 issuance of Common
Stock to fund the January 1999  purchase of PCUC.  Florida  Water  purchased the
assets of PCUC from ITT  Industries,  Inc. for $16.8 million plus

26    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

$1,000 per new water connection for an eight-year  period. The Company estimates
the present value of these future water connections to be $5.1 million.

In April 1999 ADESA acquired Des Moines Auto Auction located in Des Moines, Iowa
and in July 1999 ADESA Canada,  Inc. purchased the Vancouver Auto Auction of New
Westminster,  British  Columbia.  The two transactions  had a combined  purchase
price of $31.3 million.  The Company funded these  transactions  with internally
generated  funds  and  notes  payable  that are  expected  to be  replaced  with
long-term  debt  financing  in 2000.  ADESA plans to issue $25 million of Senior
Unsecured  Notes  Due 2010 in early  2000.  Proceeds  will be used to  refinance
short-term  bank  indebtedness  incurred for the  acquisition of vehicle auction
facilities and for general corporate purposes.

In June 1999 Heater  acquired  the assets of Mid South of Sherills  Ford,  North
Carolina for $9 million.  The Company funded this  transaction  with  internally
generated  funds and proceeds  from a long-term  revolving  line of credit which
were repaid in January 2000.

In June  1999  Cape  Coral  Holdings,  Inc.,  a  subsidiary  of MP Real  Estate,
purchased,  for $36.2 million,  certain real estate  properties  located in Cape
Coral,  Florida,  from  subsidiaries  of Avatar Holdings Inc. The Company funded
this transaction  with internally  generated funds and proceeds from a long-term
revolving line of credit.

Minnesota  Power's electric  utility first mortgage bonds and secured  pollution
control bonds are  currently  rated Baa1 by Moody's  Investors  Service and A by
Standard  and  Poor's.   The   disclosure   of  these  bond  ratings  is  not  a
recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Company's securities.

In 1999 the  Company  paid out 110% (76% in 1998;  83% in 1997) of its per share
earnings in dividends.  Excluding the non-cash  charge related to the Capital Re
transaction, the Company paid out 72% of its per share earnings in dividends.

CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

Consolidated  capital  expenditures totaled $99.7 million in 1999 ($80.8 million
in 1998; $72.2 million in 1997). Expenditures in 1999 included $47.7 million for
Electric  Services,  $23.8 million for  Automotive  Services,  $26.9 million for
Water  Services,  $0.9 million for  Investments  and $0.4 million for  corporate
purposes.   Internally   generated  funds,  funds  from  original  issue  equity
securities  and the  issuance  of  long-term  debt were the  primary  sources of
funding these capital expenditures.

Capital  expenditures  are  expected to be $111  million in 2000 and total about
$360 million for 2001  through  2004.  The 2000 amount  includes $47 million for
electric system component replacement and upgrades,  telecommunication fiber and
coal handling  equipment;  and $36 million for two new auctions  currently under
construction,  expansions and on-going  improvements at existing vehicle auction
facilities, and associated computer systems; and $28 million to expand water and
wastewater   treatment  facilities  to  accommodate  customer  growth,  to  meet
environmental  standards  and for water  conservation  initiatives.  The Company
expects to use internally  generated  funds,  and the issuance of long-term debt
and equity securities to fund these capital expenditures.

MARKET RISK

The Company's  securities portfolio has exposure to both price and interest rate
risk.  Investments held principally for near-term sale are classified as trading
securities and recorded at fair value.  Trading  securities consist primarily of
the common stock of publicly traded companies,  with utilities being the largest
industry  sector.  Investments  held  for an  indeterminate  period  of time are
classified as available-for-sale  securities and also recorded at fair value. At
December 31, 1999  available-for-sale securities consisted of 4.7 million shares
of ACE Limited and  securities  in a grantor trust  established  to fund certain
employee benefits.

In strategies  designed to reduce  market risks,  the Company sells common stock
short and enters into short sales of treasury futures contracts.  Selling common
stock  short is  intended  to reduce  market  risks,  and the stock  sold  short
consists  primarily of the stock of companies  in similar  industries.  Treasury
futures  are used as a hedge to  reduce  interest  rate  risks  associated  with
holding fixed dividend preferred stocks.  Generally,  treasury futures contracts
mature in 90 days. (See Note 10.)

      December 31, 1999                                        Fair Value
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------
      Millions

        Trading Securities Portfolio                             $179.6
        Available-For-Sale Securities Portfolio                   $93.8
      -----------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company is also subject to interest rate risk through  outstanding debt. The
majority  of  the  Company's  long-term  debt  is  fixed-rate.  (See  Note  12.)
Short-term debt consists primarily of commercial paper. (See Note 4.)

In December  1998  Florida  Water  entered  into a ten-year  interest  rate swap
agreement with a notional amount of $35.1 million. Under the agreement,  Florida
Water makes quarterly  payments at a variable  interest rate based upon The Bond
Market  Association  Municipal Swap Index weekly floating  average plus 58 basis
points  (4.7% at December  31, 1999 and 3.4% at December  31, 1998)

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    27

<PAGE>

and receives  payments based on a fixed rate of 4.79%.  The agreement is subject
to market  risk due to  interest  rate  fluctuations,  and the fair value of the
agreement was $(2.3) million at December 31, 1999.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In  June  1998  the  Financial Accounting Standards Board issued  SFAS  133,
"Accounting  for  Derivative Instruments  and  Hedging  Activities," as amended
by SFAS 137, effective for fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000. SFAS 133
establishes  accounting and reporting  standards requiring that every derivative
instrument be recorded on the  balance  sheet as  either an asset or  liability
measured  at fair  value. SFAS 133  requires that  changes in the  derivative's
fair value be  recognized currently in earnings unless specific hedge accounting
criteria are met. Special accounting for qualifying hedges allows a derivative's
gains and losses to offset the related results on the hedged item. The Company
currently believes it has only a limited amount of derivative activity and
adoption of SFAS 133 is not expected  to have a material impact on the Company's
financial  position  and results of operations.

YEAR 2000

In the  ordinary  course of  business  over the last six years,  the Company has
replaced major business and operating  computer systems.  These systems required
minimal remediation efforts because of their recent implementation.  Formal Year
2000  readiness  plans were  established  in March  1998.  Since that time,  the
Company has incurred  $4.7 million in expenses  primarily  for labor  associated
with inventory,  evaluation and remediation  efforts.  The Company  estimates it
will spend  approximately  $0.3 million during the year 2000 for  remediation of
systems not critical to daily operations. Funds to address Year 2000 issues have
been provided for in the Company's  existing  budgets.  These costs included the
assignment of existing  personnel to Year 2000 projects,  maintenance and repair
expenses,  and  capitalized  improvements.  No critical  projects  were deferred
because  of Year 2000  issues.  The  Company  has not  experienced  any  service
disruptions due to Year 2000 issues.

                       ----------------------------

Readers are cautioned that forward-looking  statements including those contained
above,  should be read in conjunction with the Company's  disclosures  under the
heading:  "SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES  LITIGATION REFORM
ACT OF 1995" located in the preface of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

See Item 7  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of Results of Operations  and
Financial  Condition - Market Risk for information  related to quantitative  and
qualitative disclosure about market risk.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

See the Company's  consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and
1998 and for each of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 1999, and
supplementary data, herein, which are indexed in Item 14(a).

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
        AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

28    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information  required for this Item is incorporated by reference  herein and
will be set forth under the  "Election of  Directors"  section in the  Company's
Proxy  Statement  for the  2000  Annual  Meeting  of  Shareholders,  except  for
information  with  respect to  executive  officers  which is set forth in Part I
hereof.  The 2000 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the end of the Company's 1999 fiscal year.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information  required for this Item is incorporated by reference herein from
the  "Compensation  of  Executive  Officers"  section  in  the  Company's  Proxy
Statement for the 2000 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information  required for this Item is incorporated by reference herein from
the "Security  Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" section in
the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2000 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information  required for this Item is incorporated by reference herein from
the "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" section in the
Company's Proxy Statement for the 2000 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    29

<PAGE>
PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a) Certain Documents Filed as Part of this Form 10-K.

                                                                         Pages

    (1) Financial Statements
          Minnesota Power
          Report of Independent Accountants                               36
          Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 1999 and 1998        37
          For the Three Years Ended December 31, 1999
              Consolidated Statement of Income                            38
              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                        39
              Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity              40
          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                     41-57

    (2) Financial Statement Schedules
          Report of Independent Accountants on Financial
           Statement Schedule                                             58
          Schedule II - Minnesota Power Valuation and
           Qualifying Accounts and Reserves                               58

All other  schedules  have been omitted  either  because the  information is not
required to be reported by the Company or because the information is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

    (3) Exhibits including those incorporated by reference


                       ----------------------------

Exhibit
Number

      *2 - Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger  by and  among  the  Company,  AC
           Acquisition Sub, Inc., ADESA Corporation and Certain ADESA Management
           Shareholders dated February 23, 1995 (filed as Exhibit 2 to the March
           3, 1995 Form 8-K, File No. 1-3548).

  *3(a)1 - Articles of Incorporation,  amended and restated as of May 27, 1998
           (filed  as  Exhibit  4(a) to the  June 3,  1998  Form  8-K,  File No.
           1-3548).

  *3(a)2 - Certificate Fixing Terms of Serial Preferred Stock A, $7.125 Series
           (filed as Exhibit 3(a)2, File No. 33-50143).

  *3(a)3 - Certificate Fixing Terms of Serial Preferred Stock A, $6.70 Series
           (filed as Exhibit 3(a)3, File No. 33-50143).

   *3(b) - Bylaws, as amended effective May 27, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 4(b), to
           the June 3, 1998 Form 8-K, File No. 1-3548).

  *4(a)1 - Mortgage and Deed of Trust,  dated as of September 1, 1945,  between
           the Company and Irving Trust  Company (now The Bank of New York) and
           Richard H. West (Douglas J. MacInnes, successor), Trustees (filed as
           Exhibit 7(c), File No. 2-5865).

30    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

Exhibit
Number

 *4(a)2  - Supplemental Indentures to Minnesota Power's Mortgage and Deed of
           Trust:

           Number         Dated as of         Reference File            Exhibit
           -----------    -----------------   -----------------------   -------
           First          March 1, 1949       2-7826                    7(b)
           Second         July 1, 1951        2-9036                    7(c)
           Third          March 1, 1957       2-13075                   2(c)
           Fourth         January 1, 1968     2-27794                   2(c)
           Fifth          April 1, 1971       2-39537                   2(c)
           Sixth          August 1, 1975      2-54116                   2(c)
           Seventh        September 1, 1976   2-57014                   2(c)
           Eighth         September 1, 1977   2-59690                   2(c)
           Ninth          April 1, 1978       2-60866                   2(c)
           Tenth          August 1, 1978      2-62852                   2(d)2
           Eleventh       December 1, 1982    2-56649                   4(a)3
           Twelfth        April 1, 1987       33-30224                  4(a)3
           Thirteenth     March 1, 1992       33-47438                  4(b)
           Fourteenth     June 1, 1992        33-55240                  4(b)
           Fifteenth      July 1, 1992        33-55240                  4(c)
           Sixteenth      July 1, 1992        33-55240                  4(d)
           Seventeenth    February 1, 1993    33-50143                  4(b)
           Eighteenth     July 1, 1993        33-50143                  4(c)
           Nineteenth     February 1, 1997    1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)   4(a)3
           Twentieth      November 1, 1997    1-3548 (1997 Form 10-K)   4(a)3

  *4(b)1 - Mortgage and Deed of Trust,  dated as of March 1, 1943, between
           Superior Water, Light and Power Company and Chemical Bank & Trust
           Company and Howard B. Smith, as Trustees,  both succeeded by U. S.
           Bank Trust N.A., as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 7(c), File No. 2-8668).

 *4(b)2  - Supplemental Indentures to Superior Water, Light and Power Company's
           Mortgage and Deed of Trust:

           Number         Dated as of         Reference File            Exhibit
           -----------    -----------------   -----------------------   -------
           First          March 1, 1951       2-59690                   2(d)(1)
           Second         March 1, 1962       2-27794                   2(d)1
           Third          July 1, 1976        2-57478                   2(e)1
           Fourth         March 1, 1985       2-78641                   4(b)
           Fifth          December 1, 1992    1-3548 (1992 Form 10-K)   4(b)1
           Sixth          March 24, 1994      1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)   4(b)1
           Seventh        November 1, 1994    1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)   4(b)2
           Eighth         January 1, 1997     1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)   4(b)3

 *4(c)1  - Indenture,  dated as of March 1, 1993, between Southern States
           Utilities, Inc. (now Florida Water Services Corporation) and
           Nationsbank of Georgia,  National Association (now SunTrust Bank,
           Central Florida,  N.A.), as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to the
           1992 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

 *4(c)2  - Supplemental Indentures to Florida Water Services Corporation's
           Indenture:

           Number         Dated as of         Reference File            Exhibit
           -----------    -----------------   -----------------------   -------
           First          March 1, 1993       1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)   4(c)1
           Second         March 31, 1997      1-3548 (March 31, 1997
                                                      Form 10-Q)        4
           Third          May 28, 1997        1-3548 (June 30, 1997
                                                      Form 10-Q)        4

  *4(d)  - Amended and Restated  Trust  Agreement,  dated as of March 1, 1996,
           relating  to MP&L  Capital  I's  8.05%  Cumulative  Quarterly  Income
           Preferred Securities, between the Company, as Depositor, and The Bank
           of New York, The Bank of New York  (Delaware),  Philip R.  Halverson,
           David G. Gartzke and James K. Vizanko,  as Trustees (filed as Exhibit
           4(a) to the March 31, 1996 Form 10-Q, File No.  1-3548),  as modified
           by  Amendment  No. 1, dated April 11, 1996 (filed as Exhibit  4(b) to
           the March 31, 1996 Form 10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    31

<PAGE>

Exhibit
Number

   *4(e) - Indenture,  dated as of March 1, 1996,  relating to the  Company's
           8.05% Junior Subordinated Debentures, Series A, Due 2015, between the
           Company and The Bank of New York,  as Trustee  (filed as Exhibit 4(c)
           to the March 31, 1996 Form 10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(f) - Guarantee  Agreement,  dated as of March 1, 1996,  relating to MP&L
           Capital I's 8.05% Cumulative  Quarterly Income Preferred  Securities,
           between  the  Company,  as  Guarantor,  and The Bank of New York,  as
           Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4(d) to the March 31, 1996 Form 10-Q,  File
           No. 1-3548).

   *4(g) - Agreement  as to Expenses  and  Liabilities,  dated as of March 20,
           1996, relating to MP&L Capital I's 8.05% Cumulative  Quarterly Income
           Preferred  Securities,  between the Company and MP&L Capital I (filed
           as Exhibit 4(e) to the March 31, 1996 Form 10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(h) - Officer's Certificate, dated March 20, 1996, establishing the terms
           of the 8.05% Junior Subordinated Debentures, Series A, Due 2015
           issued in connection with the 8.05%  Cumulative  Quarterly  Income
           Preferred Securities  of MP&L Capital I (filed as Exhibit 4(i) to the
           1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(i) - Rights Agreement dated as of July 24, 1996, between the Company and
           the  Corporate  Secretary of the  Company,  as Rights Agent (filed as
           Exhibit 4 to the August 2, 1996 Form 8-K, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(j) - Indenture,  dated  as of May  15,  1996,  relating  to  the  ADESA
           Corporation's  7.70% Senior Notes,  Series A, Due 2006, between ADESA
           Corporation  and The Bank of New York,  as Trustee  (filed as Exhibit
           4(k) to the 1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(k) - Guarantee of the Company, dated as of May 30, 1996, relating to the
           ADESA Corporation's 7.70% Senior Notes, Series A,  Due 2006 (filed as
           Exhibit 4(l) to the 1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

   *4(l) - ADESA Corporation  Officer's Certificate 1-D-1, dated May 30, 1996,
           relating to the ADESA Corporation's 7.70% Senior Notes, Series A, Due
           2006 (filed as Exhibit 4(m) to the 1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

  *10(a) - Asset  Holdings III, L.P.  Note Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of
           November 22, 1994 (filed as Exhibit 10(i) to the 1995 Form 10-K, File
           No. 1-3548).

  *10(b) - Lease and  Development  Agreement,  dated as of November 28, 1994
           between Asset Holdings III, L.P., as Lessor and A.D.E.  of
           Knoxville, Inc., as Lessee (filed as Exhibit 10(j) to the 1995 Form
           10-K, File No. 1-3548).

  *10(c) - Lease and  Development  Agreement,  dated as of  November  28,  1994
           between  Asset  Holdings  III, L.P.,  as Lessor  and ADESA-Charlotte,
           Inc., as Lessee (filed as Exhibit 10(k) to the 1995 Form 10-K, File
           No. 1-3548).

  *10(d) - Lease and Development Agreement, dated as of December 21, 1994
           between Asset Holdings III, L.P., as Lessor and Auto Dealers Exchange
           of Concord, Inc., as Lessee (filed as Exhibit 10(l) to the 1995 Form
           10-K, File No. 1-3548).

  *10(e) - Guaranty and Purchase  Option  Agreement  between Asset Holdings III,
           L.P. and ADESA  Corporation,  dated as of November 28, 1994 (filed as
           Exhibit 10(m) to the 1995 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

*10(f)1  - Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 1996, among
           AFC Funding Corporation,  as Seller,  Automotive Finance Corporation,
           as Servicer,  Pooled  Accounts  Receivable  Capital  Corporation,  as
           Purchaser,  and Nesbitt  Burns  Securities  Inc.,  as Agent (filed as
           Exhibit 10(f) to the 1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

 *10(f)2 - Amendments to Receivables Purchase Agreement:

           Number       Dated as of         Reference File               Exhibit
           -----------  -----------------   -----------------------      -------
           First        February 28, 1997   1-3548 (1996 Form 10-K)      10(g)
           Second       August 15, 1997     1-3548 (September 30, 1997
                                                    Form 10-Q)           10
           Third        October 30, 1998    1-3548 (September 30, 1999
                                                    Form 10-Q)           10(a)
           Fourth       September 22, 1999  1-3548 (September 30, 1999
                                                     Form 10-Q)          10(b)

 *10(g)  - Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of December 31, 1996,  between
           AFC Funding  Corporation and Automotive Finance Corporation (filed as
           Exhibit 10(h) to the 1996 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

 *10(h)  - Power  Purchase and Sale  Agreement  between the Company and Square
           Butte  Electric  Cooperative,  dated  as of May 29,  1998  (filed  as
           Exhibit 10 to the June 30, 1998 Form 10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

32    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
Exhibit
Number

+*10(i)  - Minnesota Power Executive Annual Incentive Plan, effective January 1,
           1996 (filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the 1995 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

+*10(j)  - Minnesota  Power and Affiliated  Companies  Supplemental  Executive
           Retirement  Plan, as amended and restated,  effective  August 1, 1994
           (filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the 1995 Form 10-K, File No. 1-3548).

+*10(k)  - Executive Investment Plan-I, as amended and restated,  effective
           November 1, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 10(c) to the 1988 Form 10-K, File
           No. 1-3548).

+*10(l)  - Executive  Investment  Plan-II,  as amended and restated,  effective
           November 1, 1988 (filed as Exhibit 10(d) to the 1988 Form 10-K, File
           No. 1-3548).

+*10(m)  - Deferred Compensation Trust Agreement, as amended and restated,
           effective January 1, 1989 (filed as Exhibit 10(f) to the 1988 Form
           10-K, File No. 1-3548).

+*10(n)  - Minnesota Power Executive  Long-Term Incentive  Compensation Plan,
           effective January 1, 1996 (filed as Exhibit 10(a)  to the June 30,
           1996 Form 10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

+*10(o)  - Minnesota Power Director Stock Plan,  effective January 1, 1995
           (filed as Exhibit 10 to the March 31, 1995 Form 10-Q, File No.
           1-3548).

+*10(p)  - Minnesota Power Director Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan,  effective
           January 1, 1996  (filed as  Exhibit  10(b) to the  June 30, 1996 Form
           10-Q, File No. 1-3548).

     12  - Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and  Supplemental
           Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges.  (Included as page 59 of this
           document.)

    *21  - Subsidiaries of the Registrant (reference is made to the Company's
           Form U-3A-2 for the year ended December 31, 1999, File No. 69-78).

  23(a)  - Consent of Independent Accountants.

  23(b)  - Consent of General Counsel.

  27(a)  - Financial Data Schedule for the year ended December 31, 1999.

  27(b)  - Restated Financial Data Schedule for the year ended December 31,
           1998.
- -------------------------------
* Incorporated herein by reference as indicated.

+ Management  contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  required to be filed
  as an exhibit to this report pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K.

    Report on Form 8-K dated and filed October 20, 1999 with respect to Item 5.
     Other Events.
    Report on Form 8-K dated and filed December 16, 1999 with respect to Item 5.
     Other Events.
    Report on Form 8-K dated and filed December 30, 1999 with respect to Item 5.
     Other Events.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    33
<PAGE>
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the  requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
Act of 1934,  the  registrant  has duly  caused  this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                                      Minnesota Power, Inc.



Dated: February 7, 2000                         By       Edwin L. Russell
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                         Edwin L. Russell
                                                     Chairman, President and
                                                     Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following  persons on behalf of the  registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

       Signature                      Title                          Date

    Edwin L. Russell           Chairman, President,            February 7, 2000
- -------------------------    Chief Executive Officer
    Edwin L. Russell              and Director

    David G. Gartzke       Senior Vice President - Finance     February 7, 2000
- -------------------------    and Chief Financial Officer
    David G. Gartzke

    Mark A. Schober                Controller                  February 7, 2000
- ------------------------
    Mark A. Schober

    Kathleen A. Brekken             Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Kathleen A. Brekken

    Merrill K. Cragun               Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Merrill K. Cragun

    Dennis E. Evans                 Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Dennis E. Evans

    Peter J. Johnson                Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Peter J. Johnson

    George L. Mayer                 Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    George L. Mayer

    Jack I. Rajala                  Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Jack I. Rajala

    Arend J. Sandbulte              Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Arend J. Sandbulte

    Nick Smith                      Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Nick Smith

    Bruce W. Stender                Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Bruce W. Stender

    Donald C. Wegmiller             Director                   February 7, 2000
- -------------------------
    Donald C. Wegmiller


34    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

                        Consolidated Financial Statements

               For the Years Ended December 31, 1999, 1998 and 1997

                                      with

                        Report of Independent Accountants

                                       and

                              Report of Management




                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    35

<PAGE>
REPORTS

INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS                                               [LOGO]

To the Shareholders and
Board of Directors of Minnesota Power

In our opinion,  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheet and the related
consolidated  statements of income,  of cash flows and of  stockholders'  equity
present fairly, in all material  respects,  the financial  position of Minnesota
Power and its  subsidiaries  at December  31, 1999 and 1998,  and the results of
their  operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended  December 31, 1999, in conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the  Company's  management;  our  responsibility  is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these
statements  in  accordance  with auditing  standards  generally  accepted in the
United  States  which  require  that we plan and  perform  the  audit to  obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements,   assessing  the
accounting  principles  used and significant  estimates made by management,  and
evaluating the overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed above.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota
January 17, 2000



MANAGEMENT

The  consolidated  financial  statements and other  financial  information  were
prepared  by  management,   which  is  responsible   for  their   integrity  and
objectivity.  The financial  statements  have been  prepared in conformity  with
generally accepted  accounting  principles and necessarily  include some amounts
that are based on informed  judgments  and best  estimates  and  assumptions  of
management.

To meet its responsibilities with respect to financial  information,  management
maintains  and  enforces a system of internal  accounting  controls  designed to
provide assurance,  on a cost effective basis, that transactions are carried out
in accordance with management's  authorizations  and that assets are safeguarded
against  loss from  unauthorized  use or  disposition.  The system  includes  an
organizational   structure   which  provides  an   appropriate   segregation  of
responsibilities,  careful selection and training of personnel, written policies
and  procedures,  and periodic  reviews by the  internal  audit  department.  In
addition,  the Company has a personnel  policy which  requires all  employees to
maintain a high standard of ethical conduct.  Management  believes the system is
effective and provides  reasonable  assurance that all transactions are properly
recorded and have been executed in accordance with  management's  authorization.
Management  modifies and improves its system of internal  accounting controls in
response to changes in business  conditions.  The Company's internal audit staff
is charged  with the  responsibility  for  determining  compliance  with Company
procedures.

Three  directors of the Company,  not members of management,  serve as the Audit
Committee.  The  Board of  Directors,  through  its  Audit  Committee,  oversees
management's responsibilities for financial reporting. The Audit Committee meets
regularly with management, the internal auditors and the independent accountants
to discuss  auditing and  financial  matters and to assure that each is carrying
out its responsibilities.  The internal auditors and the independent accountants
have full and free access to the Audit  Committee  without  management  present.
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, independent accountants,  are engaged to express an
opinion on the financial statements. Their audit is conducted in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards and includes a review of internal controls
and tests of transactions to the extent necessary to allow them to report on the
fairness of the operating results and financial condition of the Company.


Edwin L. Russell                                       David G. Gartzke

Edwin L. Russell                                       David G. Gartzke
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer        Chief Financial Officer

36    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>


CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

MINNESOTA POWER CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

December 31                                            1999             1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions

Assets
Current Assets
   Cash and Cash Equivalents                        $  101.5         $   89.4
   Trading Securities                                  179.6            169.9
   Accounts Receivable                                 176.4            156.1
   Inventories                                          24.2             24.0
   Prepayments and Other                                82.8             48.1
                                                    --------         --------
      Total Current Assets                             564.5            487.5
Property, Plant and Equipment                        1,258.8          1,178.9
Investments                                            197.2            263.5
Goodwill                                               181.0            169.8
Other Assets                                           111.1            109.2
                                                    --------         --------
Total Assets                                        $2,312.6         $2,208.9
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Liabilities
Current Liabilities
   Accounts Payable                                 $  124.7         $  123.3
   Accrued Taxes, Interest and Dividends                79.4             62.9
   Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt Due
    Within One Year                                    105.6             90.0
   Other                                                88.6             69.8
                                                    --------         --------
      Total Current Liabilities                        398.3            346.0
Long-Term Debt                                         712.8            672.2
Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes                      139.9            153.4
Other Liabilities                                      149.3            145.2
Commitments and Contingencies
                                                    --------         --------
      Total Liabilities                              1,400.3          1,316.8
                                                    --------         --------
 Company Obligated Mandatorily Redeemable
   Preferred Securities of Subsidiary MP&L
   Capital I Which Holds Solely Company Junior
   Subordinated Debentures                              75.0             75.0
Redeemable Serial Preferred Stock                       20.0             20.0
Stockholders' Equity
Cumulative Preferred Stock                              11.5             11.5
Common Stock Without Par Value, 130.0
   Shares Authorized 73.5 and 72.3
   Shares Outstanding                                  552.0            529.0
Unearned ESOP Shares                                   (59.2)           (62.5)
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income                   2.4              1.5
Retained Earnings                                      310.6            317.6
                                                    --------         --------
      Total Stockholders' Equity                       817.3            797.1
                                                    --------         --------
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity          $2,312.6         $2,208.9
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    37

<PAGE>

MINNESOTA POWER CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

For the Year Ended December 31                    1999        1998       1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions except per share amounts

Operating Revenue
   Electric Services                           $   554.5   $   559.8    $541.9
   Automotive Services                             406.6       328.4     255.5
   Water Services                                  112.9        95.6      95.5
   Investments                                      57.8        55.5      60.7
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
      Total Operating Revenue                    1,131.8     1,039.3     953.6
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Operating Expenses
   Fuel and Purchased Power                        200.2       205.7     194.1
   Operations                                      705.9       635.4     579.9
   Interest Expense                                 59.5        64.9      64.2
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
      Total Operating Expenses                     965.6       906.0     838.2
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Operating Income before Capital Re                 166.2       133.3     115.4

Income (Loss) from Investment in Capital Re        (34.5)       15.2      14.8
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Operating Income                                   131.7       148.5     130.2

Distributions on Redeemable Preferred
 Securities of Subsidiary                            6.0         6.0       6.0

Income Tax Expense                                  57.7        54.0      46.6
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Net Income                                          68.0        88.5      77.6

Dividends on Preferred Stock                         2.0         2.0       2.0
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Earnings Available for Common Stock            $    66.0   $    86.5    $ 75.6
                                               ---------   ---------    ------
Average Shares of Common Stock                      68.4        64.0      61.2

Basic and Diluted
   Earnings Per Share of Common Stock              $0.97       $1.35     $1.24

Dividends Per Share of Common Stock                $1.07       $1.02     $1.02
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

38    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

MINNESOTA POWER CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended December 31                     1999       1998        1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions

Operating Activities
   Net Income                                    $  68.0     $ 88.5     $  77.6
   Loss (Income) From Investment in Capital Re
      - Net of Dividends Received                   34.5      (14.1)      (13.9)
   Depreciation and Amortization                    76.9       75.0        70.8
   Deferred Income Taxes                           (12.8)       1.1         2.0
   Pre-Tax (Gain) Loss on Sale of Property             -       (0.6)      (14.0)
   Changes In Operating Assets and Liabilities
      - Net of the Effects of Acquisitions
         Trading Securities                         16.1      (46.4)      (36.7)
         Accounts Receivable                       (20.3)      (9.7)       20.0
         Inventories                                (0.2)       1.0        (1.8)
         Accounts Payable                            1.4       26.4        20.9
         Other Current Assets and Liabilities        0.3        5.1        (5.0)
   Other - Net                                       9.9       20.0        12.5
                                                 -------     ------     -------
         Cash From Operating Activities            173.8      146.3       132.4
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Investing Activities
   Proceeds From Sale of Investments                67.6       35.2        47.7
   Proceeds From Sale of Property                      -        1.4        19.4
   Additions to Investments                        (27.5)     (33.1)      (42.5)
   Additions to Property, Plant and Equipment      (99.7)     (80.8)      (72.2)
   Acquisitions - Net of Cash Acquired             (93.6)     (23.8)       (2.4)
   Other - Net                                     (16.9)       2.3        17.5
                                                 -------     ------     -------
         Cash For Investing Activities            (170.1)     (98.8)      (32.5)
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Financing Activities
   Issuance of Long-Term Debt                       51.5        2.0       176.7
   Issuance of Common Stock                         21.8      111.0        19.7
   Changes in Notes Payable - Net                   15.5      (48.1)      (27.2)
   Reductions of Long-Term Debt                     (9.9)     (10.0)     (187.8)
   Dividends on Preferred and Common Stock         (75.0)     (67.0)      (64.5)
                                                 -------     ------     -------
         Cash From (For) Financing Activities        3.9      (12.1)      (83.1)
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash              4.5       (3.9)       (1.7)
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents                 12.1       31.5        15.1
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of
  Period                                            89.4       57.9        42.8
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period       $ 101.5     $ 89.4     $  57.9
                                                 -------     ------     -------
Supplemental Cash Flow Information
   Cash Paid During the Period For
      Interest - Net of Capitalized                $61.3      $63.0       $66.2
      Income Taxes                                 $60.3      $54.4       $31.3
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    39
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
MINNESOTA POWER CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
<CAPTION>

                                                                          Accumulated
                                                  Total                      Other       Unearned                Cumulative
                                              Stockholders'  Retained    Comprehensive     ESOP        Common     Preferred
                                                 Equity      Earnings       Income        Shares        Stock       Stock
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>            <C>         <C>             <C>           <C>       <C>
Millions
Balance at December 31, 1996                     $622.3      $283.0          $2.7        $(69.1)       $394.2       $11.5

Comprehensive Income
   Net Income                                      77.6        77.6
   Other Comprehensive Income - Net of Tax
      Unrealized Gains on Securities - Net          2.8                       2.8
      Foreign Currency Translation
       Adjustments                                 (1.7)                     (1.7)
                                                 ------
         Total Comprehensive Income                78.7

Common Stock Issued - Net                          21.8                                                  21.8

Dividends Declared                                (64.5)      (64.5)

ESOP Shares Earned                                  3.2                                     3.2
                                                 ------      ------          ----        ------        ------       -----
Balance at December 31, 1997                      661.5       296.1           3.8         (65.9)        416.0        11.5

Comprehensive Income
   Net Income                                      88.5        88.5
   Other Comprehensive Income - Net of Tax
      Unrealized Gains on Securities - Net          1.6                       1.6
      Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments     (3.9)                     (3.9)
                                                 ------
         Total Comprehensive Income                86.2

Common Stock Issued - Net                         113.0                                                 113.0

Dividends Declared                                (67.0)      (67.0)

ESOP Shares Earned                                  3.4                                     3.4
                                                 ------      ------          ----        ------        ------       -----
Balance at December 31, 1998                      797.1       317.6           1.5         (62.5)        529.0        11.5

Comprehensive Income
   Net Income                                      68.0        68.0
   Other Comprehensive Income - Net of Tax
      Unrealized Losses on Securities - Net        (3.6)                     (3.6)
      Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments      4.5                       4.5
                                                 ------
         Total Comprehensive Income                68.9

Common Stock Issued - Net                          23.0                                                  23.0

Dividends Declared                                (75.0)      (75.0)

ESOP Shares Earned                                  3.3                                     3.3
                                                 ------      ------          ----        ------        ------       -----
Balance at December 31, 1999                     $817.3      $310.6          $2.4        $(59.2)       $552.0       $11.5
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.
</TABLE>

40    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Millions
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Electric    Automotive      Water                  Corporate
For the Year Ended December 31                Consolidated     Services     Services     Services  Investments     Charges
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                           <C>              <C>         <C>           <C>       <C>            <C>
1999
Operating Revenue                               $1,131.8        $554.5       $406.6<F1>   $112.9     $  58.2       $ (0.4)
Operation and Other Expense                        829.2         412.6        308.7         69.8        23.7<F3>     14.4
Depreciation and Amortization                       76.9          45.2         17.7         13.5         0.2          0.3
Interest Expense                                    59.5          21.2         10.9         10.0         0.4         17.0
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss) Before Capital Re          166.2          75.5         69.3         19.6        33.9        (32.1)
Loss from Investment in Capital Re                 (34.5)            -            -            -       (34.5)           -
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss)                            131.7          75.5         69.3         19.6        (0.6)       (32.1)
Distributions on Redeemable
  Preferred Securities of Subsidiary                 6.0           1.7            -            -           -          4.3
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                        57.7          28.8         29.4          7.4         8.8        (16.7)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Net Income (Loss)                               $   68.0        $ 45.0       $ 39.9       $ 12.2     $  (9.4)      $(19.7)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Total Assets                                    $2,312.6        $995.7       $664.8<F2>   $314.8     $ 336.9         $0.4
Property, Plant and Equipment                   $1,258.8        $770.0       $234.0       $254.8           -            -
Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization         $879.7        $629.7        $57.4       $190.7        $1.9            -
Capital Expenditures                               $99.7         $47.7        $23.8        $26.9        $0.9         $0.4
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1998
Operating Revenue                               $1,039.3        $559.8       $328.4<F1>   $ 95.6     $  55.8       $ (0.3)
Operation and Other Expense                        766.1         411.3        256.1         61.0        22.5<F3>     15.2
Depreciation and Amortization                       75.0          47.1         15.7         11.8         0.1          0.3
Interest Expense                                    64.9          22.1          9.7         10.3           -         22.8
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss) Before Capital Re          133.3          79.3         46.9         12.5        33.2        (38.6)
Income from Investment in Capital Re                15.2             -            -            -        15.2            -
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss)                            148.5          79.3         46.9         12.5        48.4        (38.6)
Distributions on Redeemable
  Preferred Securities of Subsidiary                 6.0           1.7            -            -           -          4.3
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                        54.0          30.2         21.4          5.0        18.8        (21.4)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Net Income (Loss)                               $   88.5        $ 47.4       $ 25.5       $  7.5     $  29.6       $(21.5)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Total Assets                                    $2,208.9        $998.6       $529.3<F2>   $269.1      $411.6         $0.3
Property, Plant and Equipment                   $1,178.9        $770.2       $186.2       $222.5           -            -
Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization         $775.6        $596.1        $42.7       $135.2        $1.6            -
Capital Expenditures                               $80.8         $36.1        $22.0        $21.8        $0.1         $0.8
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1997
Operating Revenue                               $  953.6        $541.9       $255.5<F1>   $ 95.5     $  60.9       $ (0.2)
Operation and Other Expense                        703.2         403.7        203.2         60.6        24.0<F3>     11.7
Depreciation and Amortization                       70.8          45.2         14.0         11.2         0.1          0.3
Interest Expense                                    64.2          21.3          9.9         11.0         0.8         21.2
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss) Before Capital Re          115.4          71.7         28.4         12.7        36.0        (33.4)
Income from Investments in Captital Re              14.8             -            -            -        14.8            -
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Operating Income (Loss)                            130.2          71.7         28.4         12.7        50.8        (33.4)
Distributions on Redeemable
  Preferred Securities of Subsidiary                 6.0           1.6            -            -           -          4.4
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                        46.6          27.0         14.4          4.5        18.7        (18.0)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Net Income (Loss)                               $   77.6        $ 43.1       $ 14.0       $  8.2     $  32.1       $(19.8)
                                                --------        ------       ------       ------     -------       ------
Total Assets                                    $2,086.3        $972.5       $474.7<F2>   $283.5     $ 354.9         $0.7
Property, Plant and Equipment                   $1,170.2        $782.1       $167.1       $221.0           -            -
Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization         $713.2        $562.1       $122.9        $26.9        $1.3            -
Capital Expenditures                               $72.2         $34.6        $22.2        $11.2        $0.2         $4.0
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
<F1> Included $56.8 million of Canadian operating revenue in 1999 ($36.2 million
     in 1998;  $25.1 million in 1997).
<F2> Included $119.3 million of Canadian assets in 1999  ($60.9 million in 1998
     $44.3  million in 1997).
<F3> Included  $1.8 million of minority  interest in 1999 ($2.0 million in 1998;
     $2.3  million in 1997).
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    41

<PAGE>

2. OPERATIONS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

FINANCIAL  STATEMENT   PREPARATION.   Minnesota  Power  prepares  its  financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted  accounting  principles.  These
principles  require  management to make informed  judgments,  best estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION.  The consolidated  financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and all of its majority owned subsidiary companies.  All
material   intercompany  balances  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated  in
consolidation.  Information  for prior periods has been  reclassified to present
comparable information for all periods.

BUSINESS  SEGMENTS.  Minnesota  Power  is  a  multi-services  company  that  has
operations  in  four  principal  business   segments.   The  Electric  Services,
Automotive  Services  and  Water  Services  segments  were  determined  based on
products and services  provided.  The Investment segment was determined based on
short-term   corporate  liquidity  needs  and  the  need  to  provide  financial
flexibility to pursue strategic initiatives in the other business segments.  The
Company  measures  performance of its operations  through careful  budgeting and
monitoring of  contributions  by business  segment to  consolidated  net income.
Corporate  charges  consist of  expenses  incurred  by the  Company's  corporate
headquarters   and  interest  and  preferred  stock  expense  not   specifically
identifiable to a business segment. Management's policy is to not allocate these
expenses to business segments.

ELECTRIC SERVICES. Electric Services generate,  transmit,  distribute and market
electricity.  Native load electric  service is provided to 140,000  customers in
northeastern Minnesota and northwestern Wisconsin.  Large Power Customers, which
include five  taconite  producers,  four paper and pulp mills,  and two pipeline
companies,  purchase  about half of the  electricity  the  Company  sells  under
all-requirements contracts with expiration dates extending from May 2001 through
December 2008.  (See Item 1 - Electric  Services-  Large Power Customers in this
Form 10-K.)  MPEX,  a division of  Minnesota  Power,  markets  power  across the
Midwest and Canada. BNI Coal, a wholly owned subsidiary, mines and sells lignite
coal to two North Dakota  mine-mouth  generating  units,  one of which is Square
Butte.  Square  Butte  supplies  approximately  71%  (322 MW) of its  output  to
Minnesota Power under a long-term contract. (See Note 5.)

Electric  rates  are  under  the  jurisdiction  of  various  state  and  federal
regulatory  authorities.  Billings  are  rendered on a cycle  basis.  Revenue is
accrued for service provided but not billed.  Electric rates include  adjustment
clauses which bill or credit customers for fuel and purchased energy costs above
or below the base levels in rate  schedules  and bill retail  customers  for the
recovery of CIP expenditures not collected in base rates.

AUTOMOTIVE  SERVICES.  Automotive  Services  include  wholly owned  subsidiaries
operating as integral  parts of the vehicle  redistribution  business:  ADESA, a
network of  vehicle  auctions;  AFC,  a finance  company;  Great  Rigs,  an auto
transport company;  PAR, a vehicle remarketing  company; and AutoVIN, a provider
of field information  services to the automotive  industry.  ADESA is the second
largest vehicle auction network in North America.

ADESA owns and  operates  29 vehicle  auctions  in the United  States and Canada
through which used cars and other  vehicles are purchased and sold by franchised
automobile  dealers and licensed used car dealers.  Sellers at ADESA's  auctions
include  domestic  and  foreign  auto  manufacturers,  car  dealers,  automotive
fleet/lease  companies,  banks and finance  companies.  AFC  provides  inventory
financing for wholesale and retail  automobile  dealers who purchase vehicles at
ADESA auctions,  independent  auctions and other auction chains. AFC has 84 loan
production  offices  located across the United States and Canada.  These offices
provide  qualified  dealers  credit to purchase  vehicles at any of the 400 plus
auctions  approved  by AFC.  Great  Rigs  is one of the  nation's  largest  used
automobile transport companies with 150 automotive carriers. It offers customers
pick up and delivery  service through 13  strategically  located  transportation
hubs  in the  United  States.  PAR  provides  customized  remarketing  services,
including transporting and liquidating off-lease vehicles, to various businesses
with fleet operations.  AutoVIN provides professional field information services
to the automotive  industry,  including vehicle condition  reporting,  inventory
verification  auditing,  program  compliance  auditing and facility  inspection.
ADESA,  Great  Rigs,  PAR  and  AutoVIN  recognize  revenue  when  services  are
performed.  AFC  revenue  is  comprised  of gains on sales of  receivables,  and
interest,  fee and  servicer  income.  As is  customary  for finance  companies,
AFC revenue is  reported  net of  interest  expense  of  $2.0  million  in  1999
($1.8 million in 1998;  $1.5 million in 1997).  AFC  generally  sells its United
States dollar denomination financed receivables through a private securitization
structure.  Gains and losses on such sales are generally  recognized at the time
of  settlement  based on the  difference  between  the  sales  proceeds  and the
allocated basis of the finance  receivables sold,  adjusted for transaction fees
and  residual  interest  retained.   AFC  also  retains  the  right  to  service
receivables sold through the securitization and receives a fee for doing so.

WATER SERVICES.  Water Services include several wholly owned subsidiaries of the
Company.  Florida  Water is the  largest  investor  owned  supplier of water and
wastewater  utility  services in Florida.  Heater is the largest  investor owned
water utility in North  Carolina.  Heater also provides  wastewater  services in
North  Carolina.  In  total,  184,000  water  and  72,000  wastewater  treatment
customers are served.  Water and wastewater  rates are under the jurisdiction of
various  state and county  regulatory  authorities.  Billings  are rendered on a
cycle  basis.   Revenue  is  accrued  for  services  provided  but  not  billed.
Instrumentation  Services,  Inc. and

42    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

Vibration   Correction   Services,   Inc.  provide   predictive  and  preventive
maintenance services to water utility companies and other industrial  operations
in the United States. Americas' Water offers contract management, operations and
maintenance services to governments and industries.

INVESTMENTS.  The Company's  securities  portfolio is intended to provide stable
earnings and liquidity. Proceeds from the securities portfolio are available for
reinvestment in existing businesses, to fund strategic initiatives and for other
corporate purposes.  Investments also include  intermediate-term  investments in
venture  capital  funds that  invest in  developing  utility  technologies.  The
Company's Real Estate  Operations  include Cape Coral Holdings,  Inc. and an 80%
ownership in Lehigh, a Florida company which through its subsidiaries  owns real
estate in Florida. Real estate revenue is recognized on the accrual basis.

DEPRECIATION.  Property,  plant and equipment are recorded at original cost, and
are  reported  on  the  balance  sheet  net  of  accumulated   depreciation  and
contributions in aid of construction. Expenditures for additions and significant
replacements and improvements are capitalized;  maintenance and repair costs are
expensed  as  incurred.  When  property,  plant and  equipment  are  retired  or
otherwise  disposed of, gains or losses are recognized in revenue.  When utility
property,  plant and equipment are retired or otherwise  disposed of, no gain or
loss is  recognized.  Contributions  in aid of  construction  relate to  utility
assets,  and are amortized over the estimated life of the associated asset. This
amortization reduces depreciation expense.  Contributions in aid of construction
relate to water assets and amounted to  $189.6million in 1999 ($108.2 million in
1998).

Depreciation is computed using the estimated useful lives of the various classes
of plant. In 1999 average  depreciation  rates for the electric,  automotive and
water services segments were 3.3%, 3.9% and 2.2%,  respectively  (3.5%, 4.1% and
2.6%, respectively, in 1998; 3.4%, 4.1% and 2.7%, respectively, in 1997).

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE. Accounts receivable is reported on the balance sheet net of
an  allowance  for doubtful  accounts.  The  allowance is based on  management's
evaluation of the receivable portfolio under current conditions, the size of the
portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problems and such other
factors which in management's judgment deserve recognition in estimating losses.

AFC sells certain  finance  receivables on a revolving  basis to a wholly owned,
unconsolidated,  qualified special purpose  subsidiary.  This subsidiary in turn
sells,  on  a  revolving  basis,  an  undivided  interest  in  eligible  finance
receivables,  up to a maximum at any one time outstanding of $300.0 million,  to
third party  purchasers  under an  agreement  which  expires at the end of 2002.
Unsold finance  receivables held by the special purpose  subsidiary are recorded
by AFC as a residual  interest at fair value. Fair value is based upon estimates
of future cash flows,  using assumptions that market  participants  would use to
value such instruments,  including  estimates of anticipated  credit losses over
the  life of the  receivables  sold;  a  discount  rate  was not used due to the
short-term  nature of the receivables sold. The residual interest is recorded in
prepayments  and other assets,  with unrealized  gains and losses  recognized in
earnings.  At  December  31,  1999  AFC  had  sold  $296.8  million  of  finance
receivables to the special  purpose  subsidiary  ($202.9million  at December 31,
1998).  Third party  purchasers  had purchased an undivided  interest in finance
receivables  of  $225million  from this  subsidiary at December 31, 1999 ($170.0
million at December 31,  1998).  Fair value of the  residual  interest was $57.6
million at December 31, 1999 ($20.1 million at December 31, 1998).

   Accounts Receivable
   December 31                                            1999        1998
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Millions

     Trade Accounts Receivable                           $120.6      $116.0
       Less: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts                7.6         6.0
                                                         ------      ------
                                                          113.0       110.0
                                                         ------      ------

     Finance Receivables                                  366.5       252.6
       Less: Amount Sold                                  296.8       202.9
             Allowance for Doubtful Accounts                6.3         3.6
                                                         ------      ------
                                                           63.4        46.1
                                                         ------      ------
     Total Accounts Receivable                           $176.4      $156.1
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

INVENTORIES.  Inventories, which include fuel, material and supplies, are stated
at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the average cost method.

GOODWILL.  Goodwill  primarily  relates to the Automotive  Services  segment and
represents  the  excess  of  cost  over  net  assets  of  businesses   acquired.
Amortization  is  computed  on a  straight-line  basis  over a 40  year  period.
Operating expenses in 1999 included $5.1 million of goodwill  amortization ($4.9
million in 1998; $4.4 million in 1997).

UNAMORTIZED EXPENSE, DISCOUNT AND PREMIUM ON DEBT. Expense, discount and premium
on debt are deferred and amortized over the lives of the related issues.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    43

<PAGE>

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS.  The Company considers all investments purchased with
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

FOREIGN  CURRENCY  TRANSLATION.  Results of operations for Automotive  Services'
Canadian  subsidiaries  are  translated  into United  States  dollars  using the
average exchange rates during the period.  Assets and liabilities are translated
into United  States  dollars  using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date,
except for  intangibles  and fixed  assets,  which are  translated at historical
rates.

3. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

ACQUISITION  OF PALM COAST  UTILITY  CORPORATION.  In January 1999 Florida Water
purchased  the  assets  and  assumed  certain   liabilities  of  PCUC  from  ITT
Industries,  Inc. for $16.8 million plus $1,000 per new water  connection for an
eight-year period. The Company estimates the present value of these future water
connections at $5.1 million. PCUC provides service to approximately 19,000 water
and 14,000 wastewater customers in Flagler County,  Florida. The transaction was
accounted for using the purchase method. Financial results have been included in
the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  since the date of purchase.
Financial results prior to the acquisition were not material.

ACQUISITION OF AUCTION FACILITIES.  In April 1999 ADESA acquired Des Moines Auto
Auction  located  in Des  Moines,  Iowa  and in July  1999  ADESA  Canada,  Inc.
purchased the Vancouver Auto Auction of New Westminster,  British Columbia.  The
two  transactions  had a  combined  purchase  price  of $31.3  million  and were
accounted for using the purchase method  resulting in goodwill of $11.9 million.
Financial  results  for  each  facility  have  been  included  in the  Company's
consolidated financial statements since the date of purchase.  Financial results
prior to the acquisition were not material.  The 33-acre Des Moines facility has
three auction lanes while the 70-acre Vancouver facility has six auction lanes.

ADESA acquired the assets of Greater  Lansing Auto Auction in Lansing,  Michigan
and I-55 Auto Auction in St. Louis,  Missouri in April 1998, and Ark-La-Tex Auto
Auction in  Shreveport,  Louisiana in May 1998 for a combined  purchase price of
$23.8 million. The acquisitions were accounted for using the purchase method and
resulted in additional  goodwill of $16.3 million.  Financial  results for these
three  auctions  have been  included  in the  Company's  consolidated  financial
statements  since  the  dates of  acquisition.  Financial  results  prior to the
acquisition were not material.

ACQUISITION OF CAPE CORAL.  In June 1999 Cape Coral  Holdings,  Inc. (Cape Coral
Holdings), a subsidiary of MP Real Estate, purchased, for $45.0 million, certain
real estate  properties  located in Cape Coral,  Florida,  from  subsidiaries of
Avatar Holdings Inc., a publicly traded developer and home builder headquartered
in Coral Gables,  Florida.  Cape Coral, located adjacent to Fort Myers, Florida,
has a population of 100,000 and is Florida's second largest municipality in land
area.  Properties purchased include  approximately 2,500 acres of commercial and
residential  zoned  land,  including  home  sites,  a golf  resort,  marina  and
commercial  buildings.  Concurrently  with the  purchase,  Cape  Coral  Holdings
assigned to a third  party the rights to a shopping  center and a portion of the
vacant land for $8.8  million,  which  reduced the net amount paid by Cape Coral
Holdings to $36.2 million.  The transaction was accounted for using the purchase
method.  Financial  results  have been  included in the  Company's  consolidated
financial statements since the date of purchase.  Financial results prior to the
acquisition were not material.

MID SOUTH WATER  SYSTEMS,  INC. In June 1999 Heater  acquired  the assets of Mid
South Water Systems,  Inc. (Mid South) located in Sherills Ford,  North Carolina
for $9 million.  The  acquisition  was accounted for using the purchase  method.
Financial results  have  been included  in the  Company's consolidated financial
statements  since  the  date  of  purchase.   Financial  results  prior  to  the
acquisition were not material. Mid South serves approximately 12,000 customers.

ACQUISITION  OF LAGRANGE.  In September  1997 the NCUC  approved the transfer of
LaGrange  Waterworks  Corporation,  a water  utility  near  Fayetteville,  North
Carolina, to Heater. The Company exchanged 96,000 shares of Common Stock, with a
market value of approximately  $3.4 million,  for all the outstanding  shares of
LaGrange  and  accounted  for the  transaction  as a pooling of  interests.  The
acquisition  added  5,300  water  customers.  Financial  results  prior  to  the
acquisition were not material.

SALE OF WATER  PLANT  ASSETS.  In  December  1997  Florida  Water sold water and
wastewater assets to Orange County in Florida for $13.1 million.  The facilities
served  about  4,000  customers.  The  transaction  resulted  in a $4.7  million
after-tax gain which was included in the Company's 1997 earnings.

44    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

4. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS AND COMPENSATING BALANCES

The Company has bank lines of credit  aggregating  $75 million  ($74  million at
December 31, 1998), which make financing available through short-term bank loans
and provide support for commercial  paper. At December 31, 1999, $74 million was
available for use ($34 million at December 31,  1998).  At December 31, 1999 the
Company  had issued  commercial  paper with a face  value of  $96.9million  ($41
million  in 1998),  with  liquidity  provided  by bank  lines of credit  and the
Company's securities portfolio.

Certain lines of credit  require a commitment  fee of 0.085%.  Interest rates on
commercial  paper and borrowings  under the lines of credit ranged from 6.42% to
6.70% at December  31, 1999 (5.7% to 7.75% at December 31,  1998).  The weighted
average  interest rate on  short-term  borrowings at December 31, 1999 was 6.59%
(5.8% at  December  31,  1998).  The total  amount of  compensating  balances at
December 31, 1999 and 1998, was immaterial.

5. SQUARE BUTTE POWER PURCHASE AGREEMENT

The  Company has had a power  purchase  agreement  with Square  Butte since 1977
which has  provided a long-term  supply of low-cost  energy to  customers in the
Company's  electric service territory and enabled the Company to meet power pool
reserve  requirements.   Square  Butte,  a  North  Dakota  electric  cooperative
corporation,  owns a 455-megawatt coal-fired generating unit (Unit) near Center,
North Dakota.  The Unit is adjacent to a generating unit owned by Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. (Minnkota), a North Dakota cooperative corporation whose Class
A members are also members of Square Butte.  Minnkota  serves as the operator of
the Unit and also purchases power from Square Butte.

In May 1998 the  Company  and Square  Butte  entered  into a new power  purchase
agreement (1998 Agreement),  replacing the 1977 agreement.  The Company extended
by 20  years,  to  January  1,  2027,  its  access to  Square  Butte's  low-cost
electricity  and  eliminated  its  unconditional  obligation  for all of  Square
Butte's  costs if not paid by Square  Butte  when due.  The 1998  Agreement  was
reached in conjunction with the termination of Square Butte's previous leveraged
lease financing arrangement and refinancing of associated debt.

Similar  to the  previous  agreement,  the  Company  is  initially  entitled  to
approximately 71% of the Unit's output under the 1998 Agreement.  After 2005 and
upon compliance  with a two-year  advance notice  requirement,  Minnkota has the
option to reduce the Company's  entitlement by 5% annually, to a minimum of 50%.
The Company is obligated to pay its pro rata share of Square Butte's costs based
on the Company's entitlement to Unit output. The Company's payment obligation is
suspended  if Square  Butte  fails to deliver  any power,  whether  produced  or
purchased,  for a  period  of one  year.  Square  Butte's  fixed  costs  consist
primarily  of debt  service.  At December  31, 1999 Square  Butte had total debt
outstanding  of $343.1  million.  Total  annual debt service for Square Butte is
expected to be approximately  $36 million in each of the years 2000 through 2003
and $23  million in 2004.  Variable  operating  costs  include the price of coal
purchased  from BNI Coal, a subsidiary  of  Minnesota  Power,  under a long-term
contract.

The Company's  cost of power  purchased  from Square Butte during 1999 was $58.7
million  ($58.2  million in 1998;  $56.9  million in 1997).  This  reflects  the
Company's  pro rata share of total  Square  Butte  costs based on the 71% output
entitlement  in 1999,  1998 and 1997.  Included in this amount was the Company's
pro rata share of interest  expense of $15.5  million in 1999  ($14.6million  in
1998;  $12.4  million  in 1997).  The  Company's  payments  to Square  Butte are
approved as purchased power expense for ratemaking purposes by both the MPUC and
FERC.

6. LEASING AGREEMENTS

ADESA leases three auction facilities which have five year lease terms ending in
2000 with no renewal options.  ADESA has an option to purchase the facilities at
an aggregate  price of $26.5  million.  In the event the purchase  option is not
exercised,  ADESA has  guaranteed  any  deficiency in sales  proceeds the lessor
realizes in disposing  of the leased  properties  should the selling  price fall
below $25.7  million.  ADESA is entitled to any excess sales  proceeds  over the
option price. ADESA has also guaranteed the payment of principal and interest on
the lessor's  indebtedness  which  consists of $25.7  million of 9.82%  mortgage
notes,  due April 1, 2000.  ADESA expects to refinance these leases on or before
April 1, 2000.  Total  lease  expense at ADESA was $17.2  million in 1999 ($14.9
million in 1998; $9.6 million in 1997).

The Company  leases other  properties  and equipment in addition to those listed
above  pursuant to operating and capital lease  agreements  with terms  expiring
through 2009. The aggregate  amount of future minimum lease payments for capital
and operating  leases during 2000 is $13.5 million ($10.0 million in 2001;  $7.1
million in 2002;  $3.3 million in 2003;  and $3.0  million in 2004).  Total rent
expense was $18.5 million in 1999 ($15.6 million in 1998; $10 million in 1997).

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    45

<PAGE>

7. REGULATORY MATTERS

The  Company  files  for  periodic  rate  revisions  with the  Minnesota  Public
Utilities  Commission (MPUC),  the Federal Energy Regulatory  Commission (FERC),
the  Florida  Public  Service  Commission  (FPSC)  and other  state  and  county
regulatory  authorities.  Interim rates in Minnesota and Florida are placed into
effect,  subject  to  refund  with  interest,  pending a final  decision  by the
appropriate  commission.  In 1999 47% of the  Company's  consolidated  operating
revenue (52% in 1998, 55% in 1997) was under regulatory authority.  The MPUC had
regulatory  authority over  approximately 31% in 1999 (36% in 1998; 39% in 1997)
of the Company's consolidated operating revenue.

ELECTRIC  RATES.  Restructuring  of the  electric  utility  industry  continues.
Twenty-four states  representing  approximately  two-thirds of the United States
population have either passed  legislation or regulation  that initiates  retail
customer  choice.  Neither  Minnesota nor Wisconsin  (where  Minnesota Power has
retail  electric  customers)  have passed  retail  restructuring  laws. In 2000,
utility restructuring  legislation will be debated at both the federal level and
in Minnesota  and  Wisconsin.  It is  unlikely,  however,  that  Congress or the
legislatures of Minnesota or Wisconsin will enact retail choice legislation into
law this year.  The Company cannot predict the timing or substance of any future
legislation that might ultimately be enacted.  The Company,  however,  is taking
all necessary steps to cultivate community and customer relations, and continues
to maintain its competitive  position as a low-cost and long-term power supplier
to large  industrial  customers.  With  electric  rates  among the lowest in the
United States,  customer  satisfaction  high, and long-term  wholesale and Large
Power Customer  retail  contracts in place,  Minnesota  Power believes  Electric
Services is well positioned for the future.

WATER AND WASTEWATER  RATES. 1995 RATE CASE. In September 1999 the FPSC issued a
final order that  approved a 1999  settlement  agreement  with Florida  Water to
resolve open items  pertaining to its 1995 rate case. The final order  increased
annual revenue by  approximately  $1 million;  authorized  Florida Water to book
approximately $8.5 million of accumulated  surcharges,  including interest, as a
regulatory asset  recoverable in base rates beginning in the next rate case; and
provided a  three-year  moratorium  on the  initiation  of rate cases by Florida
Water,  exclusive of index filings. Index filings provide rate adjustments based
on inflationary  costs associated with operation and maintenance  expenses.  The
annual rate increase of approximately $1 million  associated with the settlement
became  effective on October 1, 1999. The FPSC  previously  approved annual rate
increases in connection with the 1995 rate case of  approximately  $11.1 million
and $1.2 million effective in September 1996 and January 1999, respectively.  In
total,  the FPSC  approved  $13.6  million of the $18.1  million  rate  increase
requested by Florida Water in the 1995 rate case.

1991 RATE CASE  REFUNDS.  In 1995 the Florida  First  District  Court of Appeals
(Court of Appeals)  reversed a 1993 FPSC order  establishing  uniform  rates for
most of Florida  Water's  service areas.  With "uniform  rates" all customers in
each uniform rate area pay the same rates for water and wastewater services.  In
response to the Court of Appeals' order, in August 1996 the FPSC ordered Florida
Water to issue refunds to those customers who paid more since October 1993 under
uniform rates than they would have paid under stand-alone  rates. This order did
not permit a balancing surcharge to customers who paid less under uniform rates.
Florida  Water  appealed,  and the Court of Appeals  ruled in June 1997 that the
FPSC could not order refunds without  balancing  surcharges.  In response to the
Court of Appeals' ruling,  the FPSC issued an order in January 1998 that did not
require  refunds.  Florida Water's  potential  refund liability at that time was
about $12.5 million,  which included interest,  to customers who paid more under
uniform rates.

In the same January 1998 order, the FPSC required Florida Water to refund,  with
interest,  $2.5 million, the amount paid by customers in the Spring Hill service
area from January 1996 through June 1997 under uniform rates which  exceeded the
amount  these  customers  would  have paid  under a  modified  stand-alone  rate
structure.  No balancing  surcharge was permitted.  The FPSC ordered this refund
because  Spring  Hill  customers  continued  to pay  uniform  rates  after other
customers  began  paying  modified  stand-alone  rates  effective  January  1996
pursuant to the FPSC's interim rate order in Florida Water's 1995 Rate Case (see
1995 Rate Case). The FPSC did not include Spring Hill in this interim rate order
because  Hernando County had assumed  jurisdiction  over Spring Hill's rates. In
June 1997 Florida  Water  reached an agreement  with  Hernando  County to revert
prospectively to stand-alone rates for Spring Hill customers.

Customer  groups which paid more under  uniform  rates have  appealed the FPSC's
January 1998 order,  arguing that they are entitled to a refund because the FPSC
had no  authority  to order  uniform  rates.  The Company has  appealed the $2.5
million  refund order.  Initial briefs were filed by all parties in May 1998. In
June 1998 the Court of Appeals  reversed its  previous  ruling that the FPSC was
without  authority  to  order  uniform  rates  at  which  time  customer  groups
supporting  the  FPSC's  January  1998  order  filed a motion  with the Court of
Appeals  seeking  dismissal of the appeal by customer  groups  seeking  refunds.
Customers  seeking  refunds filed amended briefs in September  1998. A mediation
session was held in September  1999.  The parties could not reach  settlement of
any issues.  A provision for refund related to the $2.5 million refund order was
recorded in 1999.  The Company is unable to predict the timing or outcome of the
appeals process.

46    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

DEFERRED REGULATORY CHARGES AND CREDITS. Deferred regulatory charges and credits
are included in other assets and other liabilities on the Company's consolidated
balance sheet. The Company's utility operations are subject to the provisions of
SFAS 71,  "Accounting  for the  Effects of  Certain  Types of  Regulation."  The
Company  capitalizes  as deferred  regulatory  charges  incurred costs which are
probable  of recovery  in future  utility  rates.  Deferred  regulatory  credits
represent  amounts  expected  to be  credited to  customers  in rates.  Based on
current rate treatment, the Company believes all deferred regulatory charges are
probable of recovery.

      Deferred Regulatory Charges and Credits
      December 31                                          1999          1998
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Millions
         Deferred Charges
           Income Taxes                                   $17.0         $17.9
           Conservation Improvement Programs               13.5          18.8
           Postretirement Benefits                            -           2.8
           Premium on Reacquired Debt                       5.6           6.2
           Other                                           21.5          10.4
                                                          -----         -----
                                                           57.6          56.1
         Deferred Credits
           Income Taxes                                    55.1          55.2
                                                          -----         -----
         Net Deferred Regulatory Charges                  $ 2.5         $ 0.9
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8. JOINTLY OWNED ELECTRIC FACILITY

The Company owns 80% of the 535 megawatt  Boswell  Energy Center Unit 4 (Boswell
Unit 4). While the Company operates the plant, certain decisions with respect to
the  operations of Boswell Unit 4 are subject to the oversight of a committee on
which the Company and Wisconsin  Public  Power,  Inc.  (WPPI),  the owner of the
other 20% of Boswell Unit 4, have equal  representation and voting rights.  Each
owner must provide its own financing and is obligated to pay its ownership share
of operating costs. The Company's share of direct operating  expenses of Boswell
Unit 4 is included in operating expense on the consolidated statement of income.
The  Company's  80% share of the  original  cost  included in electric  plant at
December  31, 1999 was $310 million  ($304million  at December  31,  1998).  The
corresponding  provision  for  accumulated  depreciation  was  $150  million  at
December31, 1999 ($143 million at December 31, 1998).

9. INVESTMENT IN CAPITAL RE

On December 30, 1999 the  shareholders  of Capital Re  Corporation  (Capital Re)
approved  the merger of Capital Re with ACE  Limited  (ACE) and the  transaction
closed.  Each Capital Re share was  exchanged for 0.65 common shares of ACE plus
$3.4456 in cash which delivered an approximate  value of $14 for each Capital Re
share.

In exchange for its 7.3 million shares of Capital Re,  Minnesota  Power received
4.7  million  common  shares  of ACE and  $25.1  million  in cash.  Based on the
December  29,  1999  $16.75  closing  price of ACE,  the total value of proceeds
received  was $104.4  million.  Minnesota  Power  recorded an  additional  $12.1
million  non-cash  charge to net income  during  the  fourth  quarter of 1999 to
reflect the final  valuation of this  transaction.  This charge  combined with a
$24.1  million  non-cash  charge  recorded in June 1999 resulted in a total 1999
charge of $36.2 million to Minnesota  Power's net income.  Minnesota Power owned
20% of Capital Re before the merger.  At December 31, 1999 Minnesota Power owned
2% of ACE.

In 1998 and 1997  Minnesota  Power  used the equity  method to  account  for its
investment  in Capital Re. As a result of the  pending  merger with ACE, in 1999
Minnesota Power  discontinued the equity method of accounting for its investment
in  Capital  Re  and  accounted   for  its   investment  in  Capital  Re  as  an
available-for-sale security.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    47

<PAGE>

10. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

SECURITIES INVESTMENTS. The Company's securities portfolio is managed internally
and by selected outside managers. Securities held principally for near-term sale
are classified as trading and included in current assets at fair value.  Changes
in the fair value of trading  securities  are  recognized  in earnings.  Trading
securities  consist  primarily of the common stock of publicly traded companies,
with  utilities  being  the  largest  industry  sector.  Securities  held for an
indefinite  period of time are classified as  available-for-sale  securities and
included  in  investments  at  fair  value.   Unrealized  gains  and  losses  on
available-for-sale  securities are included in accumulated  other  comprehensive
income, net of tax. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale  securities that are
other than temporary are  recognized in earnings.  Realized gains and losses are
computed on each specific  investment  sold.  Prior to 1999,  available-for-sale
securities consisted primarily of the preferred stock of utilities and financial
institutions  with  investment  grade debt  ratings.  During  1999,  the Company
changed its strategy for this preferred stock resulting in a reclassification to
trading securities. An unrealized pre-tax loss of $2.6 million was recognized in
earnings as a result of this reclassification.  The table below does not include
the proceeds and realized  loss on the merger of Capital Re with ACE.  (See Note
9.) At December 31, 1999 available-for-sale  securities consisted of 4.7 million
shares of ACE Limited and  securities  in a grantor  trust  established  to fund
certain employee benefits.

Available-For-Sale Securities
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions
               At December 31                     Year Ended December 31
      ------------------------------  ------------------------------------------
                                                                  Net Unrealized
                                                                    Gain (Loss)
             Gross Unrealized                    Gross Realized      in Other
             ----------------  Fair    Sales     ---------------  Comprehensive
       Cost    Gain    (Loss)  Value  Proceeds   Gain     (Loss)     Income
      -----    ----    ------  -----  --------   ----     ------  --------------

1999  $87.8    $6.3    $(0.3)  $93.8    $0.2        -         -       $1.6
1998  $70.9    $7.7    $(5.1)  $73.5   $35.7     $1.7     $(2.3)      $1.3
1997  $60.5    $4.3    $(3.5)  $61.3   $47.7     $0.7     $(1.4)      $0.2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Prior to  discontinuance of the equity method of accounting in 1999, the Company
also recorded its share of unrealized  gains and losses from  available-for-sale
securities held by Capital Re.  Unrealized  gains recorded in accumulated  other
comprehensive income from available-for-sale  securities held by Capital Re were
$5.5 million and $5.0 million in 1998 and 1997, respectively.

The net unrealized loss included in earnings for trading  securities in 1999 was
$1.6 million ($0.7 million loss in 1998; $2.0 million gain in 1997).

OFF-BALANCE-SHEET  FINANCIAL  INSTRUMENTS  AND RISKS.  In  portfolio  strategies
designed to reduce market risks, the Company sells common stock securities short
and enters into short sales of treasury futures contracts.  Selling common stock
securities short is intended to reduce market price risks.  Treasury futures are
used as a hedge to reduce  interest  rate risks  associated  with holding  fixed
dividend  preferred stocks.  Generally,  treasury futures contracts entered into
have a maturity date of 90 days.  Realized and unrealized  gains and losses from
the short sales of common  stock are  included in  investment  income.  Prior to
1999,  gains and losses on treasury  futures  were  deferred and  recognized  in
earnings  concurrently with gains and losses from the underlying preferred stock
being hedged.  During 1999, the hedged  preferred  stock was  reclassified  from
available-for-sale  to trading,  and accordingly,  realized and unrealized gains
and losses from the short sale of treasury futures contracts are now included in
investment income.

In December 1998 Florida Water entered into an interest rate swap agreement with
a notional amount of $35.1 million to hedge its fixed rate long-term debt. Under
the ten-year  agreement,  Florida Water makes  quarterly  payments at a variable
rate based upon The Bond Market Association Municipal Swap Index weekly floating
average plus 58 basis points (4.7% at December 31, 1999 and 3.4% at December 31,
1998) and receives  payments  based on a fixed rate of 4.79%.  This agreement is
subject to market risk due to interest rate fluctuation.

The  Fair  Value  of  off-balance  sheet  financial  instruments  reflected  the
estimated  amounts that the Company would  receive or pay if the contracts  were
terminated at December 31. This Fair Value represents the difference between the
estimated future receipts and payments under the terms of each  instrument,  and
is estimated  by  obtaining  quoted  market  prices or by using  common  pricing
models.  These  Fair  Values  should not be viewed in  isolation,  but rather in
relation to the fair value of the underlying hedged transaction.

48    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

 Off-Balance-Sheet Financial Instruments
 December 31                               1999                  1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions
                                              Fair Value             Fair Value
                                    Contract  Receivable   Contract  Receivable
                                     Amount    (Payable)    Amount    (Payable)
                                    --------  ----------   --------  ----------
    Short Stock Sales Outstanding     $58.5      $(2.1)      $74.4      $(3.8)
    Treasury Futures                   $8.6       $0.2       $25.0       $0.5
    Interest Rate Swap                $35.1      $(2.3)      $35.1      $(0.4)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FAIR VALUE OF  FINANCIAL  INSTRUMENTS.  With the  exception  of the items listed
below,  the estimated fair values of all financial  instruments  approximate the
carrying amount. The fair values for the items below were based on quoted market
prices for the same or similar instruments.

 Financial Instruments
 December 31                                     1999                 1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions
                                         Carrying    Fair     Carrying    Fair
                                          Amount     Value     Amount     Value
                                         --------   ------    --------   ------
 Long-Term Debt                           $712.8    $694.5     $672.2    $717.3
 Redeemable Serial Preferred Stock         $20.0     $20.0      $20.0     $21.3
 Quarterly Income Preferred Securities     $75.0     $65.3      $75.0     $76.1
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK. Financial  instruments that subject the Company to
concentrations  of credit risk  consist  primarily of accounts  receivable.  The
Company  sells  electricity  to  about  15  customers  in  northern  Minnesota's
taconite,  pipeline, paper and wood products industries.  Receivables from these
customers totaled approximately $8.2 million at December 31, 1999 ($9 million at
December 31, 1998).  The Company does not obtain  collateral to support  utility
receivables, but monitors the credit standing of major customers.

11. PREFERRED STOCK

 Preferred Stock
 December 31                                         1999             1998
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions

 Cumulative Preferred Stock
 Preferred Stock, $100 Par Value, 116,000
   Shares Authorized;

   5% Series - 113,358 Shares Outstanding,
     Callable at $102.50 Per Share                   $11.5            $11.5

 Redeemable Serial Preferred Stock
 Serial Preferred Stock A, Without Par Value,
   2,500,000 Shares Authorized;

   $6.70 Series - 100,000 Shares Outstanding,
     Mandatory Redemption 2002, Callable in 2000
       at $100 Per Share                             $10.0            $10.0

   $7.125 Series - 100,000 Shares Outstanding,
     Mandatory Redemption 2002, Callable in 2000
       at $100 Per Share                              10.0             10.0
                                                     -----            -----
 Total Redeemable Serial Preferred Stock             $20.0            $20.0
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    49
12. LONG-TERM DEBT

Long-Term Debt
December 31                                                     1999      1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions

  Minnesota Power
    First Mortgage Bonds
      61/4% Series Due 2003                                   $ 25.0    $ 25.0
      6.68% Series Due 2007                                     20.0      20.0
      7% Series Due 2007                                        60.0      60.0
      71/2% Series Due 2007                                     35.0      35.0
      73/4% Series Due 2007                                     55.0      55.0
      7% Series Due 2008                                        50.0      50.0
      6% Pollution Control Series E Due 2022                   111.0     111.0
    Variable Demand Revenue Refunding Bonds
      Series 1997 A, B, C and D, Due 2007 - 2020                39.0      39.0
    Pollution Control Revenue Bonds, 6.875%, Due 2002            4.6       4.8
    Leveraged ESOP Loan, 9.125%, Due 2000 - 2004                 8.9      10.2
    Other Long-Term Debt, Variable, Due 2001 - 2013              7.6       7.4

  Subsidiary Companies
    First Mortgage Bonds, 8.46%, Due 2013                       54.7      54.8
    Senior Notes, Series A, 7.70%, Due 2006                     90.0      90.0
    Industrial Development Revenue Bonds, 6.50%, Due 2025       35.1      35.1
    First Mortgage Bonds, 8.01%, Due 2017                       28.0      28.0
    Other Long-Term Debt, 6.1 - 8 7/8%, Due 2000 - 2026         98.0      55.9

  Less Due Within One Year                                      (9.1)     (9.0)
                                                              ------    ------
  Total Long-Term Debt                                        $712.8    $672.2
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The  aggregate  amount of long-term  debt  maturing  during 2000 is $9.1 million
($13.9 million in 2001;  $14.4 million in 2002; $48.6 million in 2003; and $15.5
million in 2004).  Substantially all Company electric and water plant is subject
to the lien of the mortgages securing various first mortgage bonds.

At December 31, 1999  subsidiaries  of the Company had  long-term  bank lines of
credit  aggregating  $58.8 million ($13.8  million at December 31, 1998).  Drawn
portions on these lines of credit  aggregate  $43.5 million at December 31, 1999
($0 at  December  31,  1998) and are  included  in  subsidiary  companies  other
long-term debt.

50    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

13. COMMON STOCK AND EARNINGS PER SHARE

The Articles of Incorporation,  mortgage and preferred stock purchase agreements
of the Company  contain  provisions  that,  under certain  circumstances,  would
restrict  the payment of Common  Stock  dividends.  As of  December  31, 1999 no
retained earnings were restricted as a result of these provisions.

COMMON  STOCK  SPLIT.  On March 2,  1999 the  Company's  Common  Stock was split
two-for-one.  All  common  share  and  per  share  amounts  in  these  financial
statements  and notes to the  financial  statements  have been  adjusted for all
periods to reflect the two-for-one stock split.

 Summary of Common Stock                                       Shares    Equity
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions

    Balance at December 31, 1996                                65.5     $394.2
    1997  Employee Stock Purchase Plan                             -        0.9
          Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan          1.2       18.6
          Other                                                  0.4        2.3
                                                                ----     ------
    Balance at December 31, 1997                                67.1      416.0
    1998  Public Offering                                        4.2       89.9
          Employee Stock Purchase Plan                             -        0.9
          Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan          0.8       17.1
          Other                                                  0.2        5.1
                                                                ----     ------
    Balance at December 31, 1998                                72.3      529.0
    1999  Employee Stock Purchase Plan                           0.1        1.3
          Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan          0.9       17.4
          Other                                                  0.2        4.3
                                                                ----     ------
    Balance at December 31, 1999                                73.5     $552.0
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

COMMON STOCK  ISSUANCE.  In September  1998 4.2 million  shares of the Company's
Common  Stock were sold in a public  offering  at $21.875  per share.  Total net
proceeds of approximately $89 million were used to repay outstanding  commercial
paper, to fund strategic initiatives and for capital expenditures.  Net proceeds
not  immediately  used for the above  purposes  were  invested in the  Company's
securities portfolio.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN. In 1996 the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a
rights plan (Rights Plan) pursuant to which it declared a dividend  distribution
of one preferred  share  purchase  right (Right) for each  outstanding  share of
common stock to shareholders of record at the close of business on July 24, 1996
(the Record Date) and  authorized the issuance of one Right with respect to each
share of common stock that becomes  outstanding between the Record Date and July
23, 2006, or such earlier time as the Rights are redeemed.

Each Right will be  exercisable  to  purchase  one  two-hundredth  of a share of
Junior Serial Preferred Stock A, without par value, at an exercise price of $45,
subject to adjustment,  following a distribution date which shall be the earlier
to occur of (i) 10 days following a public  announcement  that a person or group
(Acquiring  Person) has acquired,  or obtained the right to acquire,  beneficial
ownership  of 15% or more of the  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock  (Stock
Acquisition  Date)  or (ii) 15  business  days  (or  such  later  date as may be
determined by the Board of Directors  prior to the time that any person  becomes
an Acquiring Person) following the commencement of, or a public  announcement of
an intention to make, a tender or exchange offer if, upon consummation  thereof,
such person would meet the 15% threshold.

Subject to certain exempt  transactions,  in the event that the 15% threshold is
met,  each holder of a Right (other than the Acquiring  Person) will  thereafter
have the right to receive,  upon exercise at the then current  exercise price of
the Right, common stock (or, in certain  circumstances,  cash, property or other
securities of the Company)  having a value equal to two times the exercise price
of the Right. If, at any time following the Stock  Acquisition Date, the Company
is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50% or more
of the Company's  assets or earning power are sold,  each Right will entitle the
holder (other than the Acquiring  Person) to receive,  upon exercise at the then
current exercise price of the Right,  common stock of the acquiring or surviving
company  having a value  equal to two times  the  exercise  price of the  Right.
Certain stock acquisitions will also trigger a provision permitting the Board of
Directors to exchange each Right for one share of common stock.

The Rights are  nonvoting  and expire on July 23, 2006,  unless  redeemed by the
Company  at a price of $.005  per  Right at any time  prior to the time a person
becomes  an  Acquiring  Person.  The  Board  of  Directors  has  authorized  the
reservation  of one  million  shares  of  Junior  Serial  Preferred  Stock A for
issuance under the Rights Plan in the event of exercise of the Rights.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    51

<PAGE>

14. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

      Income Tax Expense
      Year Ended December 31                  1999         1998         1997
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Millions

         Current Tax Expense
           Federal                           $57.6        $38.5        $31.9
           Foreign                             6.9          4.9          3.2
           State                               6.0          9.8         10.0
                                             -----        -----        -----
                                              70.5         53.2         45.1
                                             -----        -----        -----
         Deferred Tax Expense (Benefit)
           Federal                            (6.4)         0.9          4.8
           Foreign                            (0.4)        (0.4)        (0.1)
           State                              (5.2)        (0.4)        (1.5)
                                             -----        -----        -----
                                             (12.0)         0.1          3.2
                                             -----        -----        -----
         Change in Valuation Allowance         0.7          2.3         (0.4)
                                             -----        -----        -----
         Deferred Tax Credits                 (1.5)        (1.6)        (1.3)
                                             -----        -----        -----
         Total Income Tax Expense            $57.7        $54.0        $46.6
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Reconciliation of Taxes from Federal Statutory Rate
      to Total Income Tax Expense
      Year Ended December 31                  1999         1998         1997
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Millions

         Tax Computed at Federal Statutory
           Rate                              $44.0        $49.8        $43.5
         Increase (Decrease) in Tax
           State Income Taxes - Net of
            Federal Income Tax Benefit         6.5          6.6          5.6
           Capital Re Transaction             10.8            -            -
           Dividend Received Deduction        (1.4)        (2.7)        (2.0)
           Foreign Taxes                       2.3          2.0          0.9
           Tax Credits                        (3.3)        (2.4)        (2.2)
           Other                              (1.2)         0.7          0.8
                                             -----        -----        -----
         Total Income Tax Expense            $57.7        $54.0        $46.6
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
      December 31                                          1999         1998
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Millions

         Deferred Tax Assets
           Allowance for Bad Debts                        $ 10.1       $  7.0
           Contributions in Aid of
            Construction                                    16.3         20.3
           Lehigh Basis Difference                           7.8          9.7
           Deferred Compensation Plans                      19.2         18.9
           Depreciation                                     13.4         13.0
           Employee Stock Ownership Plan                     8.6          7.7
           Investment Tax Credits                           19.7         20.8
           Postemployment Benefits                           8.8          7.8
           Other                                            33.5         27.6
                                                          ------        -----
             Gross Deferred Tax Assets                     137.4        132.8
         Deferred Tax Asset Valuation
          Allowance                                         (3.3)        (2.6)
                                                          ------        -----
             Total Deferred Tax Assets                     134.1        130.2
                                                          ------        -----
         Deferred Tax Liabilities
           Depreciation                                    196.7        198.9
           Allowance for Funds Used During
            Construction                                    16.9         15.0
           Income from Equity Investments                      -         10.1
           Investment Tax Credits                           28.0         29.6
           Unrealized Portfolio Gains                        7.9          3.8
           Other                                            24.5         26.2
                                                          ------        -----
             Total Deferred Tax Liabilities                274.0        283.6
                                                          ------        -----
         Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes                $139.9       $153.4
      --------------------------------------------------------------------------

52    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

UNDISTRIBUTED   EARNINGS.   Undistributed  earnings  of  the  Company's  foreign
subsidiaries were approximately $19.3 million at December 31, 1999 ($9.7 million
at December 31,  1998).  Foreign  undistributed  earnings are  considered  to be
indefinitely  reinvested,  and,  accordingly,  no  provision  for United  States
federal and state income taxes has been provided  thereon.  Upon distribution of
foreign  undistributed  earnings  in the form of  dividends  or  otherwise,  the
Company  would be subject  to both  United  States  income  tax  (subject  to an
adjustment,  for foreign tax credits) and  withholding  taxes payable to Canada.
Determination  of the amount of  unrecognized  deferred United States income tax
liability  is  not  practical  due  to  the  complexities  associated  with  its
hypothetical   calculations;    however,   unrecognized   foreign   tax   credit
carryforwards  would be available  to reduce some  portion of the United  States
liability. Withholding taxes of approximately $1.0 million would be payable upon
remittance  of all  previously  unremitted  earnings at December  31, 1999 ($0.5
million at December 31, 1998).

15. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

      Other Comprehensive Income                                         Pre-Tax         Tax Expense      Net-of-Tax
      Year Ended December 31                                             Amount           (Benefit)         Amount
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>             <C>              <C>
      Millions

         1997
         Net Unrealized Gain on Securities                               $ 3.6             $0.8            $ 2.8
         Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments                         (1.7)               -             (1.7)
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
         Other Comprehensive Income                                      $ 1.9             $0.8            $ 1.1
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
         1998
         Gain Arising During the Year                                    $ 1.9             $0.7            $ 1.2
         Add: Loss Included in Net Income                                  0.6              0.2              0.4
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
               Net Unrealized Gain on Securities                           2.5              0.9              1.6
         Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments                         (3.9)               -             (3.9)
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
         Other Comprehensive Loss                                        $(1.4)            $0.9            $(2.3)
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
         1999
         Gain Arising During the Year                                    $ 1.6             $0.7            $ 0.9
         Add: Loss Included in Net Income                                  1.7              0.7              1.0
         Less: Unrealized Gains of Disposed Equity Investee                6.7              1.2              5.5
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
               Net Unrealized Loss on Securities                          (3.4)             0.2             (3.6)
         Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments                          4.5                -              4.5
                                                                         -----             ----            -----
         Other Comprehensive Income                                      $ 1.1             $0.2            $ 0.9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
Accumulated  other  comprehensive  income at December 31, 1999 consisted of $3.5
million  ($7.1  million  at  December  31,  1998)  in net  unrealized  gains  on
securities and $(1.1) million  ($(5.6)  million at December 31, 1998) in foreign
currency translation adjustments.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    53

<PAGE>

16. MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SECURITIES OF SUBSIDIARY

MP&L Capital I (Trust) was  established  as a wholly owned business trust of the
Company  for the  purpose of  issuing  common and  preferred  securities  (Trust
Securities).  In March  1996 the  Trust  publicly  issued  three  million  8.05%
Cumulative Quarterly Income Preferred Securities (QUIPS), representing preferred
beneficial interests in the assets held by the Trust. The proceeds from the sale
of the QUIPS,  and from common  securities  of the Trust  issued to the Company,
were used by the Trust to  purchase  from the  Company  $77.5  million  of 8.05%
Junior Subordinated  Debentures,  Series A, Due 2015 (Subordinated  Debentures),
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $72.3 million.  Holders of the QUIPS
are entitled to receive  quarterly  distributions  at an annual rate of 8.05% of
the liquidation  preference value of $25 per security. The Company has the right
to defer interest payments on the Subordinated  Debentures which would result in
the similar deferral of  distributions on the QUIPS during extension  periods up
to 20  consecutive  quarters.  The Company is the owner of all the common  trust
securities,  which  constitute  approximately  3% of the  aggregate  liquidation
amount of all the Trust Securities.  The sole asset of the Trust is Subordinated
Debentures,  interest  on which is  deductible  by the  Company  for  income tax
purposes.  The Trust will use  interest  payments  received on the  Subordinated
Debentures it holds to make the quarterly cash distributions on the QUIPS.

The QUIPS are subject to mandatory redemption upon repayment of the Subordinated
Debentures at maturity or upon redemption.  The Company has the option to redeem
the  Subordinated  Debentures  upon the occurrence of certain events and, in any
event, may do so at any time on or after March 20, 2001.

The Company has  guaranteed,  on a  subordinated  basis,  payment of the Trust's
obligations.

17. EMPLOYEE STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLANS

EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN. The Company  sponsors an Employee Stock Ownership
Plan (ESOP) with two leveraged accounts.

A 1989  leveraged  ESOP  account  covers all  eligible  nonunion  Minnesota  and
Wisconsin  utility and  corporate  employees.  The ESOP used the proceeds from a
$16.5  million  loan (15 year term at 9.125%),  guaranteed  by the  Company,  to
purchase 1.2 million  shares of Company  Common Stock on the open market.  These
shares fund an annual benefit of not less than 2% of participants' salaries.

A 1990  leveraged  ESOP  account  covers  Minnesota  and  Wisconsin  utility and
corporate  employees who  participated in the  non-leveraged  ESOP plan prior to
August  1989.  In 1990 the ESOP issued a $75 million note (term not to exceed 25
years at 10.25%) to the Company as consideration for 5.6 million shares of newly
issued  Common Stock.  These shares are used to fund an annual  benefit at least
equal to the value of (a)  dividends on shares held in the 1990  leveraged  ESOP
which  are  used to make  loan  payments,  and (b) tax  benefits  obtained  from
deducting eligible dividends.

The loans will be repaid with  dividends  received by the ESOP and with employer
contributions.  ESOP shares  acquired with the loans were  initially  pledged as
collateral  for the loans.  The ESOP shares are  released  from  collateral  and
allocated to participants based on the portion of total debt service paid in the
year.  The ESOP  shares  that  collateralize  the loans are not  included in the
number of average shares used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share.

  Year Ended December 31                       1999         1998          1997
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Millions

     Expense
       Interest Expense                        $0.9         $1.0          $1.1
       Compensation Expense                     2.2          2.8           1.7
                                               ----         ----          ----
       Total Expense                           $3.1         $3.8          $2.8
                                               ----         ----          ----
     Shares
       Allocated Shares                         3.8          3.6           3.6
       Unreleased Shares                        4.4          4.8           5.0
                                               ----         ----          ----
       Total ESOP Shares                        8.2          8.4           8.6
                                               ----         ----          ----

       Fair Value of Unreleased Shares        $75.8       $104.0        $108.5
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

54    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>

EMPLOYEE  STOCK  PURCHASE  PLAN. The Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan
that permits eligible  employees to buy up to $23,750 per year of Company Common
Stock at 95% of the market price.  At December 31, 1999,  1.1 million shares had
been issued  under the plan and  222,265  shares were held in reserve for future
issuance.

STOCK OPTION AND AWARD PLANS. The Company has an Executive  Long-Term  Incentive
Compensation Plan (Executive Plan) and a Director Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan
(Director  Plan).  The Executive  Plan allows for the grant of up to 6.7 million
shares of Common Stock to key  employees.  To date,  these grants have taken the
form of stock options, performance share awards and restricted stock awards. The
Director  Plan allows for the grant of up to 0.3 million  shares of Common Stock
to nonemployee directors.  Each nonemployee director receives an annual grant of
1,500 stock options and a biennial grant of performance  shares equal to $10,000
in value of Common Stock at the date of grant.  Stock options are exercisable at
the market price of common shares on the date the options are granted,  and vest
in equal annual  installments  over two years with expiration ten years from the
date of grant.  Performance  shares are earned over  multi-year time periods and
are contingent upon the attainment of certain  performance goals of the Company.
Restricted stock vests once certain periods of time have elapsed.

The Company has elected to account  for its  stock-based  compensation  plans in
accordance  with the Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25 "Accounting  for
Stock Issued to Employees," and accordingly,  compensation expense has not been
recognized for stock options granted.  Compensation  expense is recognized over
the  vesting  periods  for performance  and  restricted  share  awards  based on
the market value of the Company's Common Stock, and was approximately $3 million
in 1999 ($3 million in 1998;  $4 million in 1997).  Pro forma net income and
earnings  per share under SFAS 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation"
have not been presented because such amounts are not materially  different from
actual amounts reported. This may not be representative of the pro forma effects
for future  years if additional awards are granted.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

  Stock Option Activity                            1999                    1998                     1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>

                                                        Average                 Average                 Average
                                                        Exercise                Exercise                Exercise
                                          Options        Price      Options      Price      Options      Price
                                          -------       --------    -------     --------    -------     --------
     Outstanding, Beginning of Year        963,500       $17.31     667,400      $13.89     244,600      $14.31

     Granted                               889,200       $21.77     419,800      $21.63     475,800      $13.69
     Exercised                            (131,100)      $13.91    (112,600)     $13.95      (4,200)     $14.31
     Canceled                             (117,700)      $21.25     (11,100)     $16.73     (48,800)     $13.93
                                         ---------                 --------                 -------
     Outstanding, End of Year            1,603,900       $19.77     963,500      $17.31     667,400      $13.89
                                         ---------                 --------                 -------

     Exercisable, End of Year              586,500       $16.38     361,000      $13.99     109,200      $14.31

     Fair Value of Options Granted
       During the Year                       $3.38                    $3.11                   $1.52
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
At December  31, 1999  options  outstanding  consist of 397,300 with an exercise
price of $13.69 to $14.31,  and  1,206,600  with an exercise  price of $21.63 to
$21.94.  The options with an exercise  price of $13.69 to $14.31 have an average
remaining  contractual  life of 6.7 years with all  exercisable  on December 31,
1999 at an average price of $13.88. The options with an exercise price of $21.63
to $21.94 have an average  remaining  contractual life of 8.7 years with 189,200
exercisable on December 31, 1999 at an average price of $21.63.

A total of 277,000  performance  share grants were awarded  during 1999 and 1998
for the performance period ended December 31, 1999. The grant date fair value of
these shares was $6.0 million.  Half of the shares will be issued in 2000,  with
the remaining half issued equally in 2001 and 2002.

A total of 265,000  performance  share grants were awarded  during 1997 and 1996
for the performance period ended December 31, 1997. The grant date fair value of
these  shares  was $3.8  million.  At  December  31,  1999 75% of the shares had
already been issued, with the balance to be issued in 2000.

In January 2000 the Company granted stock options to purchase  approximately one
million  shares  of  Common  Stock  (exercise  price of $16.25  per  share)  and
approximately 329,000 performance share awards.

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    55

<PAGE>

18. PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

The Company's  corporate  and electric  services  have  noncontributory  defined
benefit  pension plans  covering  eligible  employees.  Benefits under a defined
benefit plan for Florida  Water  operations  were frozen as of December 31, 1996
and a  curtailment  expense of $0.6 million was accrued in 1999 ($0.8 million in
1998) for future costs associated with termination of the plan. This curtailment
expense  is not  included  in  pension  expense  below.  At  December  31,  1999
approximately  8% of the defined  benefit  pension plan assets were  invested in
Company  Common  Stock.  The  Company  has defined  contribution  pension  plans
covering  eligible  employees,  for which  the  aggregate  annual  cost was $4.7
million  in 1999 ($4.0  million in 1998;  $3.2  million  in 1997).  The  Company
provides certain health care and life insurance  benefits for retired  employees
in corporate,  electric and water services.  The deferred  regulatory charge for
postretirement health and life benefits was fully amortized in 1999.

Plan Status                                Pension             Health and Life
At September 30                        1999       1998        1999        1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions

   Change in Benefit Obligation
   Obligation, Beginning of Year      $244.6     $218.8      $ 58.6     $ 50.7
   Service Cost                          4.7        4.1         2.7        2.3
   Interest Cost                        16.0       16.3         3.8        3.8
   Actuarial (Gain) Loss               (26.6)      19.8        (0.2)       3.6
   Participant Contributions               -          -         0.7        0.7
   Benefits Paid                       (14.6)     (14.4)       (3.0)      (2.5)
                                      ------     ------      ------     ------
   Obligation, End of Year             224.1      244.6        62.6       58.6
                                      ------     ------      ------     ------
   Change in Plan Assets
   Fair Value, Beginning of Year       267.5      270.8        27.6       20.4
   Actual Return on Assets              31.6        9.8         3.1        1.4
   Employer Contribution                   -          -         3.2        7.6
   Participant Contributions               -          -         0.7        0.7
   Benefits Paid                       (14.6)     (14.4)       (3.0)      (2.5)
   Other                                 2.2        1.3           -          -
                                      ------     ------      ------     ------
   Fair Value, End of Year             286.7      267.5        31.6       27.6
                                      ------     ------      ------     ------
   Funded Status                        62.6       22.9       (31.0)     (31.0)
   Unrecognized Amounts
     Net Gain                          (66.5)     (31.4)      (18.7)     (18.8)
     Prior Service Cost                  4.2        4.7        (3.6)      (3.8)
     Transition Obligation               1.0        1.2        34.6       37.3
                                      ------     ------      ------     ------
   Prepaid (Liability) Recognized     $  1.3     $ (2.6)     $(18.7)    $(16.3)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Benefit Expense                         Pension              Health and Life
Year Ended December 31          1999     1998     1997     1999    1998    1997
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Millions

   Service Cost               $  4.7   $  4.1   $  3.6    $ 2.7   $ 2.3   $ 2.5
   Interest Cost                16.0     16.3     15.8      3.8     3.8     4.1
   Expected Return on Assets   (24.9)   (23.2)   (19.5)    (2.4)   (1.7)   (1.3)
   Amortized Amounts
     Unrecognized Gain          (0.4)    (1.1)    (0.8)    (0.9)   (1.3)   (0.6)
     Prior Service Cost          0.5      0.5      0.6     (0.2)      -       -
     Transition Obligation       0.2      0.2      0.2      2.6     2.3     2.6
                              ------   ------   ------    -----   -----   -----
                                (3.9)    (3.2)    (0.1)     5.6     5.4     7.3
   Early Retirement Expense        -      2.8      4.7        -       -       -
   Amortization of Deferred
    Charge                         -        -        -      2.8     2.7     2.7
                              ------   ------   ------    -----   -----   -----
   Net Expense (Credit)       $ (3.9)  $ (0.4)  $  4.6    $ 8.4   $ 8.1   $10.0
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

56    Minnesota Power, Inc.

<PAGE>
                                        Pension                Health and Life
Actuarial Assumptions                1999       1998           1999       1998
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Discount Rate                        7.75%      6.75%          7.75%      6.75%
 Expected Return on Plan Assets       10.0%      10.0%      6.0-10.0%       9.0%
 Rate of Compensation Increase     3.5-4.5%   3.5-4.5%       3.5-4.5%   3.5-4.5%
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate             -          -            7.8%       8.6%
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The assumed  health care cost trend rate declines  gradually to an ultimate rate
of 6.0% by 2002. For postretirement  health and life benefits,  a 1% increase in
the assumed  health care cost trend rate would result in a $7.3 million and $1.0
million increase in the benefit obligation and total service and interest costs,
respectively;  a 1% decrease  would  result in a $6.0  million and $0.8  million
decrease  in the  benefit  obligation  and total  service  and  interest  costs,
respectively.

19. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Information for any one quarterly  period is not  necessarily  indicative of the
results which may be expected for the year.  Financial results for 1999 included
two  non-cash  charges  associated  with the merger of Capital Re with ACE.  The
second  quarter of 1999  included a $24.1  million  charge,  or $0.35 per share,
following  the merger  agreement  and  discontinuance  of the  Company's  equity
accounting  for  Capital  Re, and the fourth  quarter  included a $12.1  million
charge, or $0.17 per share, upon completion of the merger. (See Note 9.)

 Quarter Ended                            Mar. 31   Jun. 30   Sept. 30  Dec. 31
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Millions Except Earnings Per Share

    1999

    Operating Revenue                      $257.7    $279.2    $308.0    $286.9
    Operating Income                        $29.5     $28.2     $57.9     $16.1
    Net Income                              $20.9      $1.9     $34.5     $10.7
    Earnings Available for Common Stock     $20.4      $1.4     $34.0     $10.2
    Basic and Diluted Earnings Per
     Share of Common Stock                  $0.30     $0.02     $0.50     $0.15
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    1998

    Operating Revenue                      $246.6    $269.0    $266.3    $257.3
    Operating Income                        $28.9     $43.1     $44.9     $31.5
    Net Income                              $18.5     $22.8     $25.8     $21.3
    Earnings Available for Common Stock     $18.0     $22.3     $25.3     $20.8
    Basic and Diluted Earnings Per
     Share of Common Stock                  $0.29     $0.36     $0.39     $0.31
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                     Minnesota Power, Inc.    57

<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS                                      [LOGO]
ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

To the Board of Directors
of Minnesota Power

Our audits of the consolidated  financial  statements  referred to in our report
dated  January 17, 2000  appearing on page 36 of this Form 10-K also included an
audit of the  Financial  Statement  Schedule  listed in Item  14(a) of this Form
10-K. In our opinion,  the Financial  Statement Schedule presents fairly, in all
material  respects,  the  information set forth therein when read in conjunction
with the related consolidated financial statements.


PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota

January 17, 2000

<TABLE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE II
MINNESOTA POWER
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Additions
                                                          Balance at    --------------------    Deductions    Balance at
                                                          Beginning      Charged       Other       From         End of
For the Year Ended December 31                             of Year      to Income     Changes   Reserves<F1>    Period
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>
Millions

   Reserve Deducted From Related Assets
     Reserve For Uncollectible Accounts

         1999  Trade Accounts Receivable                    $6.0          $3.9             -       $2.3          $7.6
               Finance Receivables                           3.6           3.8             -        1.1           6.3

         1998  Trade Accounts Receivable                     5.1           5.4             -        4.5           6.0
               Finance Receivables                           2.8           2.8             -        2.0           3.6

         1997  Trade Accounts Receivable                     4.2           5.7          $0.2        5.0           5.1
               Finance Receivables                           2.5           0.8             -        0.5           2.8

      Deferred Asset Valuation Allowance

         1999  Deferred Tax Assets                           2.6           0.7             -          -           3.3

         1998  Deferred Tax Assets                           0.3           2.3             -          -           2.6

         1997  Deferred Tax Assets                           0.7          (0.4)            -          -           0.3
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
<F1> Reserve for uncollectible accounts includes bad debts written off.
</FN>
</TABLE>

58    Minnesota Power, Inc.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                                      Exhibit 12
Minnesota Power
Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and
Supplemental Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges
<CAPTION>
For the Year Ended December 31                                            1995       1996      1997       1998      1999
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                      <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
Millions except ratios

Income from Continuing Operations Per
  Consolidated Statement of Income                                       $ 61.9     $ 69.2    $ 77.6     $ 88.5    $ 68.0

Add (Deduct)
  Current Income Tax Expense                                               13.4       31.4      44.7       52.9      70.5
  Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                   (11.3)      (9.8)      3.2        2.7     (11.3)
  Deferred Investment Tax Credits                                          (0.9)      (2.0)     (1.3)      (1.6)     (1.5)
  Undistributed Income From Less Than 50%
     Owned Equity Investments                                              (9.1)     (11.0)    (13.9)     (14.1)     (0.6)
  Minority Interest                                                         0.2        3.3       2.3        2.0       1.8
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------
                                                                           54.2       81.1     112.6      130.4     126.9
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------
Fixed Charges
  Interest on Long-Term Debt                                               45.7       52.4      50.4       48.5      48.4
  Capitalized Interest                                                      1.4        1.5       1.5        1.0       0.7
  Other Interest Charges - Net                                              7.9       10.2      14.3       17.1      12.0
  Interest Component of All Rentals                                         3.7        2.5       3.7        5.7       4.8
  Distributions on Redeemable Preferred Securities of Subsidiary              -        4.7       6.0        6.0       6.0
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------
       Total Fixed Charges                                                 58.7       71.3      75.9       78.3      71.9
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------
  Earnings Before Income Taxes and Fixed Charges
     (Excluding Capitalized Interest)                                    $111.5     $150.9    $187.0     $207.7    $198.1
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges                                         1.90       2.12      2.46       2.65      2.76
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Earnings Before Income Taxes and Fixed Charges
  (Excluding Capitalized Interest)                                       $111.5     $150.9    $187.0     $207.7    $198.1
Supplemental Charges                                                       13.5       14.4      12.0       14.5      15.4
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------

Earnings Before Income Taxes and Fixed
  and Supplemental Charges (Excluding Capitalized Interest)              $125.0     $165.3    $199.0     $222.2    $213.5
                                                                         ------     ------    ------     ------    ------

Total Fixed Charges                                                       $58.7      $71.3     $75.9      $78.3     $71.9
Supplemental Charges                                                       13.5       14.4      12.0       14.5      15.4
                                                                          -----      -----     -----      -----     -----

  Fixed and Supplemental Charges                                          $72.2      $85.7     $87.9      $92.8     $87.3
                                                                          -----      -----     -----      -----     -----

Supplemental Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges (1)                        1.73       1.93      2.26       2.39      2.45
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<FN>
<F1> The supplemental ratio of  earnings  to fixed  charges  includes  Minnesota
     Power's obligation under a contract with Square Butte which extends through
     2027, pursuant to which Minnesota Power is entitled to approximately 71% of
     the output of a 455-megawatt  coal-fired generating unit (Unit).  Minnesota
     Power is obligated to pay its pro rata share of Square  Butte's costs based
     on  Unit  output  entitlement.  Minnesota  Power's  payment  obligation  is
     suspended if Square Butte fails to deliver any power,  whether  produced or
     purchased,  for a period of one year.  Square  Butte's  fixed costs consist
     primarily of debt service.  Variable  operating  costs include the price of
     coal purchased from BNI Coal under a long-term contract. (See Note 5.)
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                              							Minnesota Power, Inc.    59
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.A
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 23(a)

                       Consent of Independent Accountants

We  hereby  consent  to the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 33-51989, 333-26755,  333-16463,  333-16445,
333-82901) of Minnesota  Power,  Inc. of our report dated January 17, 2000
appearing on page 36 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  We also consent to the
incorporation  by reference of our report on the Financial Statement Schedule,
which appears on page 58 of this Form 10-K.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Prospectus constituting
part of the  Registration  Statement  on Form  S-3  (Nos.  33-45551,  333-07963,
333-02109,  333-40797,  333-52161,  333-58945) of Minnesota  Power,  Inc. of our
report dated January 17, 2000 appearing on page 36 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.  We also  consent to the  incorporation  by reference of our report on the
Financial Statement Schedule, which appears on page 58 of this Form 10-K.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
Minneapolis, Minnesota
February 4, 2000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.B
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF GENERAL COUNSEL
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 23(b)

                           Consent of General Counsel

The  statements  of law and legal  conclusions  under "Item 1.  Business" in the
Company's  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 1999 have
been  reviewed by me and are set forth therein in reliance upon my opinion as an
expert.

I hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of such statements of law and
legal conclusions in Registration Statement Nos. 33-45551, 333-07963, 333-02109,
333-40797, 333-52161, and 333-58945 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement Nos.
33-51989, 333-26755, 333-16463, 333-16445 and 333-82901 on Form S-8.

Philip R. Halverson

Philip R. Halverson
Duluth, Minnesota
February 4, 2000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.A
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>FDS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM MINNESOTA
POWER'S CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET, STATEMENT OF INCOME, AND STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999, AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1999
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1999
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1999
<CASH>                                             102
<SECURITIES>                                       180
<RECEIVABLES>                                      176
<ALLOWANCES>                                        18
<INVENTORY>                                         24
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                   565
<PP&E>                                           1,259
<DEPRECIATION>                                     880
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                   2,313
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                              398
<BONDS>                                            713
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                               95
<PREFERRED>                                         12
<COMMON>                                           552
<OTHER-SE>                                         254
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                     2,313
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 1,132
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                      906
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  60
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    132
<INCOME-TAX>                                        58
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                 68<F1>
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                        68<F1>
<EPS-BASIC>                                       0.97<F1>
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     0.97<F1>
<FN>
<F1>Included a $36.2 million, or $0.52 per share, non-cash charge related to the
merger of Capital Re Corporation with ACE Limited. See Note 9 to Minnesota
Power's Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of the Company's 1999
Form 10-K.
</FN>


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27.B
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED FDS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM MINNESOTA
POWER'S CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET, STATEMENT OF INCOME AND STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<RESTATED>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000,000

<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-START>                             JAN-01-1998
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1998
<CASH>                                              89
<SECURITIES>                                       170
<RECEIVABLES>                                      156
<ALLOWANCES>                                        10
<INVENTORY>                                         24
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                   488
<PP&E>                                           1,179
<DEPRECIATION>                                     776
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                   2,209
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                              346
<BONDS>                                            672
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                               95
<PREFERRED>                                         12
<COMMON>                                           529
<OTHER-SE>                                         257
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                     2,209
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                 1,039
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                      841
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                  65
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                    149
<INCOME-TAX>                                        54
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                 89
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                        89
<EPS-BASIC>                                       1.35
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.35


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
